
yeah, ruthless radio is in effect
dr. dre and yella boy's in ya system
and right about now we got eazy-e and mc ren in the studio takin' calls
so give 'em a call and ask them how they're doin'
hello, this is eazy-e, what's your name?
hi, this is joyce, i'd like to know if i can have your phone number?
yeah, it's 976—


now, disc jockeys are playin' me in rotation
hittin' number one spots across the nation
i'm on the charts, you can go list 'em
but now, listen, i'm on your system
am or fm, i'm in power
you hear my record once every hour
so, listen up to the rhyme and percussion
but do this with no discussion
eazy's easin' fans i'm pleasin'
why i'm on top? yo, i got reason
with no profanity, but what can i say
yo, dre (what up?) do it your way
on the radio you get more looser
take my word, you're a dope producer
we combine to put out hits
but jealous people, they just have fits
'cause we get airplay, but we're not through
dre, am i serious? (oh word) why, thank you
people that hear me, they know what i'm sayin'
on the air, i don't be playin'
just gettin' my point across to the public
rhymin' on the radio, that's my subject
i could play (rock), but i prefer (hip-hop)
it's eazy-e on your radio nonstop


mc ren: yo, this is mc ren, can you comprehend? we're for bite just like ten-ten
yo, what's the time?
tushie: hi, my name is tushie, and i'd like to know when your twelve-inch record is comin' out
mc ren: yo, it ought to be out real soon, so, just keep lookin' in your local record store
stan the guitar man: yo, can i speak to dre?
dr. dre: yo, what's up? this is dre
stan the guitar man: ayy, dre, this is stan, remember me?
dr. dre: yeah, man, i remember you, what's up, homeboy?
stan the guitar man: yeah, man, i play guitar on this record, i wanna know when i get paid, mother—
dr. dre: you got ganked
hello, you're on the air, what's up?
girls: hello, we'd like to speak to that cutie pie, dj speed
dj speed: yo, this dj speed, what's up?
girls: the joke's on you, jack, hahahaha
dr. dre: hello? you're on the air
nasty ness: hey, what's up? this is nasty ness callin' from seattle
dr. dre: hey, what's happenin', homeboy?
nasty ness: i'm callin' to be on eazy-e's new record, "radio"
dr. dre: man, you're late, the record is already ov—