
ah yeah, yo ren, yo ready to do this shit?
yeah, dre, let's rip shit up
hey yo, yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky ass beats?
yo, we got my homeboy eazy e in the house
yeah, compton's definitely in the house
yo ren, what we gonna call this shit? tell 'em what yo name is
yeah something like that
alright, let's kick this shit on the one
kick it


back by demand, now it's big as fuck
because you as the public, you should know what's up
"compton's in the house" was more than gold, it was a hit
cause it was based on some crazy shit
so our final conclusion has been permitted
punks made us a target and knew that we'd hit it
but that was a part of showbiz
hey yo, homeboy, why don't you tell 'em what your name is


well for the record it's ren, and for the street it's villain
and strapped with a gat, it's more like matt dillon
on "gunsmoke", but not a man of the law
i'm just the baddest motherfucker that you ever saw
see, i peep and then i creep on a fool
get my blood pressure high, but still stay cool
dig a grave of a nigga lookin' up to me
that really had the nerve that he could fuck with me
who was the man in the mask, while i was waitin' to ask
you know, it's mc ren kickin' mucho ass
gettin' respect in showbiz
hey yo homeboy, what's up?
why don't you tell 'em what your name is?


dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, bitch hopper
the sucker-motherfucker stopper
back with a vocal track that's a fresh one
so now, let's get the motherfuckin' session
goin', flowin'. it's time to start throwin' - rhymes
so keep in mind all the suckers i'm blowin'
cause i'ma start showin' the time
never sayin' i'm the best and just goin' for mine
unlike a lotta suckers who claim they're gettin' busy
when their records only make good frisbees
you need to quit runnin' off the mouth
stop and think before you put some whack bullshit out
it's not difficult, in fact it's kinda simple
to create something funky that's original
you either talkin' 'bout the place to be
who you are, what you got, or about a sucker mc


oh yeah, that's what i'm talkin' about, ren
you know what i'm sayin'?
yeah, i know what you're sayin', dre, but you still ain't told 'em enough, man
alright, alright
well, let's kick one more verse right here, alright
kick it


this is portable, something to fuck with yo ear
ren and dre will appear when the sound is clear
to fuck it up like we always do, and that's the trick
sayin' some shit to make the bitches wanna suck our dicks
but it's an everyday thang
communicating to y'all with the compton slang
compton's back in the house and your appartment
so open your door, by the way, so we can start it
test the monitors and call this mic
cause the way we feel, we're gonna fuck it up tonight
i got my mic in my hand, with a hell of a grip
bitches screamin' and shit, now it's a trip
waitin' for the grand finale, or the end
or stupid rhymes set by dre and ren
well, like a kid, we get new shoes and go faster
smilin', like hell, as we move past the
suckers, the motherfuckers with the ego hype
well we're positive and they're on a negative type
and if think we're about to quit...
motherfucker you ain't heard shit


yeah, that shit was funky, you know what i'm sayin', ren?
i know what you're sayin', this is mc ren and dr. dre
cold kickin' it in the place
ah yeah, my mellow eazy e in the house
yella boy in the house
my boy ice cube
arabian prince cold rockin' shit
oh yeah, hey, i'm a say whassup to my homeboys from cmw
yeah, hey, yo ren, whatta we gonna call this shit?
"tell 'em what yo' name is?"
yeah something like that...