
put your cups up, get your smoke in
baby, we partying, ain't nobody loc'n
who you provoking, what you want now?
take a look around, it's pimp shit goin down
it's a lot of bitches, a whole lot of freaks
top notch hoes, they flock in every week
what you wan' do, get your next thrill
take an x pill, how the sex feel?
damn you lookin good, all ten of y'all
wanna roll (yeaaah!), i'm dicking y'all
keep your face down, keep your ass up
you know what your doing, keep that shit moving
keep them titties jumping, keep the henny coming
every bitch in here need to be touching something
i know they like it hot, that's why i keep it hot
so how the fuck could they not want a piece of doc?


i don't give a fuck cause i'm just
drinkin, smokin, straight west-coasting
bitches puttin ass in motion
pussy poppin, sex promotin
got a cup? (raise it up)
got a blunt? (blaze it up)
that's your bitch? (on these nuts)
really i don't (give a fuck)
all i really know is your ho wants to be with me, and she ain't playin'
and what i'm sayin'
she creeps with me
and sleeps, between the sheets


soon as the door close
i make 'em curl toes, they all wanna get chose
we never love y'all, my niggas all macks
we sip a lot of yak, fuck and never call back
pack women in the club until it's pitch black
thugs on their block wonderin where their bitch at
where you think nigga? she with the aftermath
called her house, she ain't home, she with aftermath
no talkin, fuck how your day go
you want dick (yeeeaah!), will bitch say so
don't be shy now, probably the best at it
they say a party ain't a party until the west at it
gravitate to the doc like it's automatic
take your clothes off, make me wanna grab it
turn around with it, make me wanna stab it (yeaah)
time to get it crackin, show me them bad habits (oooh)


i don't give a fuck cause i'm just
drinkin, smokin, straight west-coasting
bitches puttin ass in motion
pussy poppin, sex promotin
got a cup? (raise it up)
got a blunt? (blaze it up)
that's your bitch? (on these nuts)
really i don't (give a fuck)
all i really know is your ho wants to be with me, and she ain't playin'
and what i'm sayin'
she creeps with me
and sleeps, between the sheets


yeah, aftermath, doc dre, 5-star surgeon general (yeaaah!)
nocturnal, l.a. confidential (yeaaah!)
what up infinite, mahagony droppin the instrumental (yeaaah!)
do the math, aftermath gets the last laugh (yeaaah!)