
yo, fuck this shit up, alright?
ah yeah, about to fuck it up
yo yella, let's do this shit
yo, we gotta waste some time on this muthafuckin' tape, so me and my boy mc ren about to get loose, yo, yella boy, won't you kick that bass here on the one, kick that shit
*scratches "compton's in the house" throughout*
yeah, we about to cold get stupid on your cassette, we got my homeboy eazy-e in effect, we about to cold get dumb
muthafuckin' right, yo, compton's in the house, yeah, we're in the house, we're in the muthafuckin' house, check this out, yo ren, won't you walk up to the muc and bust this funky-ass rap that we wrote
ready to do this?
do this shit, kick this shit


people from everywhere watching the show
paying top dollars because they know
when we're on the stage, we're in a muthafuckin' rage
so dre
what up?
why don't you get the 12 gauge
yeah
and show 'em how eazy-duz-it
so if you punks wanna make somethin' of it
step up, run up, get up, what's up, suckers?
you want some of this?
then you're a stupid muthafucka
kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum
yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb
programmin' - a beat that's hittin'
and if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin'


dope - like a pound or a key (yeah)
so just shut up and listen to me
i make a killin'
i got money to the ceilin' (why?)
'cause i'm a muthafuckin' ruthless villain
mc ren - stomping any fool in my way
with some help from my homeboy dre


now my name is dre the muthafuckin' doctor
on your cassette, i'm here to rock ya
with some help from my homeboy e
the criminal of the ruthless posse
fuckin' it up, word up, is what we do
the reputation of the n.w.a crew
gettin' busy because we're cold stompin'
and we're born and raised (in the streets of) (compton)


speaking of compton, it's making me sick (why?)
everybody's talking that crazy shit
saying they were raised in the cpt
just as i was, they try to be like me
poppin' that shit, get the fuck out my face
knowin' that they never even seen the place
claiming my city, it's my city they claim
muthafucka, we're about to put some salt in your game


what do you call a crew that can rap like that?
yo n.w.a call them muthafuckas wack
yeah, you know what time it is, listen to why we call them wack
they got a wacky wack record with a wacky wack crew
yo, what about the lyrics?
that shit's wacky wack too
with a fucked up style and a fucked up show
ayo ren, what about the scratching, is it def?
fuck no!
the muthafuckin' record is so muthafuckin' wack
they musta did it on a muthafuckin' sixteen-track


yeah, don't ever think you can get none, you stupid muthafuckas!
("compton's in the house")