
best believe i'm in the buildin', ha
i hear you motherfuckers talkin' and all that but, uh, no, no, don't mention me at all
yeah! comin' live and direct! (uh)
and i know you feelin' some type of way about it but, uh, watch your mouth
i dare your ass to say somethin'! i thought it was all good (hey!)
but now you motherfuckers crossed the line and kinda pissin' me off
all the fans and all the fame and though i gave everything
to this game they still complain
now what the fuck do y'all expect me to do? there's just so much fuckin' pressure!
there's so much pressure and it's all in a day's work


my whole life all i ever thought about is grindin'
even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
that was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylist
and that was back when i felt like rappers was true motherfuckin' riders
or even back in the day when i was a fuckin' youngster, man
shit, i was still sayin', "fuck the police" (man, fuck the police)
born and raised in the belly of the beast (motherfuckin' hub city)
i had a dream that we was at peace but i was so wrong, so wrong
y'all too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
now reality tv is talking 'bout pulpits and choirs
some of these hoes give less than a fuck when they runnin' their life story by us
it's the worst when i'm in a hotel, like a hilton, sick and tired
and some of these housewives way too fuckin' desperate, these bitches thinkin' fame first
i can't knock the hustle, shit, it's all in a day's work!
but that's that shit with potential to make the game worse
shit, it's just somethin' about that hollywood curse, they just thirsty


gonna go to work
we gotta work
we gotta work
let's get back to work
on the grind, back to work
let's work


rich as fuck, but guess what? i'm back to work (yeah, i'm back to work)
overseas, back home, no time to sleep, i'm back to work (huh, i'm back to work)
so many people that i love, they want my time but i got to work (i'm sorry, i'm back to work)
some of my friends don't understand, shit, i got to work (huh, i'm back to work!)
always talkin' 'bout bustin' the club but i'm like, "fuck that, i gotta work" (fuck that, i'm workin')
if you really wanna do it like this, shit, you better get back to work (i'm workin'!)
back to work, right back to work (huh, right back to work)
gotta get back to work, shit, right back to work (right back to work, right back to work, huh)