
mayweather
dealin' with, dj whoo kid
lifestyle, flash
i see all of these, you know, these weak cats on here archin' they eyebrows
next time i catch a nigga, 
ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
ready or not here we come, here comes trouble in the club
eleven, twеlve, thirteen, pistols big as m-16s
how the fuck we snеak in with this many heaters in our jeans?
nina, two ninas, a piece, they don't even see us
some shit pops off we squeeze each one
they're gonna think it's machine guns
vandals-vo-vandals, bananas and old flannels
hands around our colt handles, hold them like roman candles
so ban us, go ban us, banana-fanna-fo-fannas
who come back all bananas, banana clips loaded
managers, bouncers, and the club owners
the motherfuckers don't want us to come up, bum rush in the club
and run up in it with a bunch of motherfuckers from runyon
steady popping them onions
ready, set to go nut up, prepare to tear the whole club up
fixing to get into some shit, just itching to choke someone up
you know we finna loc'n when we mix coke with coconut rum up
so, yeah, yeah, ho, what up? see my people posted up
see you talk that ho shit now, when you're down you won't get up
and can't sit up you're so slit up, the ambulance won't sew you up
they just throw you up in the trunk once they tag your big toe up
heater-no-heater, automatic-no-matic
mag or no mag, it don't matter if i have or don't have it
you never know when i'm packing so you just don't want no static
and open up a whole can of whoop ass
you don't wanna chance to risk it, no biscuit
milli mac or mac milli
will he, won't he, don't be silly, homie you don't know me really
you're just gonna make yourself dizzy wonderin' what the dilly
fuck it, let's just get busy d-twizzy's back in the hizzy!


git up now! let's get it cracking, yeah, it's on and poppin'
bitch, d12 is back in this bitch, ugh! there ain't no stoppin'
we're gonna get it crackalating, what you waiting for?
the wait is over, say no more
quit tryna play the wall and quit hatin'
git up now! y'all are still sitting? what the fuck, are you deaf?
you motherfuckers don't listen i said
we 'bout to get this motherfucker crackalatin'
quit procrastinatin'
what the fuck you waiting for? get off the wall and quit hatin', bitch
git up now!