
yeah
yo, yo
*clears throat*
aight


i'm like a white michael – vick, psycho enough to stick
michael j. fox in a microwave with a rott
i might make a little alizé with a side of nyquil
and ride a motorcycle bike right through the side of my high school (woo!)
satan's disciple wit' a sniper rifle and a knife
and a white diaper, liable to shit on you while i snipe you
so dope, he gets off opiates, what an appropriate
way to start off his day!, he may just smart off to dre (woo!)
he may be hard to contain, 'cause his rage is so hard to gauge
see, hannibal ate his face, and met jason, gnawed off his leg
amazin' hard-on for razors and blades and anything sharp
even poisonous darts, it all plays a major part of his game
holy water won't ward him off, crucifixes won't do the trick
he's so sick, it's ridiculous, sawed the crazy part off his brain and he's still insane
why's there bloodstains on his carpet, mane?
there's some crazy shit goin' on in shady's apartment again, ooh!


uh (ouch)
yo, yeah'
yeah, can you turn it up a little bit?


newsflash, i'm still trash
them pills shoulda killed my ass (alchemist)
but they didn't; they just made me stronger
it's like they rebuilt my ass
like the six million dollar man after the crash
it's aftermath, bitch! and my milk glass is still half-empty
yeah, tempt me, hell isn't enough
they need to invent somewhere new to send me
as sick as i'm getting
they'll stick me in a conventional oven
with a rotisserie setting and won't even notice me sweating
shit, i done made a verse, said some foul shit
tryna go back fix it, fucked around, and just made it worse
yeah, i'm back, looking no worse for wear
got these haters mad enough to rip off their hair
and start punchin' the air
panties so in a bunch that they can't function
it's shady and royce, fuck yeah! what a dysfunctional pair!
so stop actin' like a punk, get a pair!
take a pill and fall the fuck out, spill your lunch in the chair!


uh, yo


i'll do a hundred-yard dash just to slash kim kardash'
in the ass with a shard of glass from nick hogan's car crash
you may look like the passenger for that, don't be a smartass
yeah, laugh while you sit there thinkin' that the hard part passed
you ain't seen pain 'til leatherface flips mane
i'll cut your fuckin' balls off, homie, my saw's off the chain
i chopped the bitch in half with it, sawed off her legs
and the top half of the torso fuckin' crawled off insane
i ain't seen shit like that since i went to mike jack's
took the elephant man's skull, fucked it, and put it right back
handed my dick to bubbles while he sucked it and licked my nut sack
gave him a reach-around while i fucked him right in his butt crack
nah, i ain't takin' it back, faggot, fuck that!
i give a fuck about nothin', so here's where you fucked up at
don't go touchin' that can, man you don't wanna open up that
wait a min, ah, shit… alchemist, cut that!

