
pssh, man, i need a lighter, man (right here!)
yeah… whassup, slim? (what's crackin'?)
hit this shit (shit, i almost hit this motherfucker today)
psh, is that right? (what is it with motherfuckers thinkin' that
because we're in the spotlight, or whatever, that
they can do or say whatever they want to us
and that we won't retaliate?)
protect my motherfuckin self, by any means necessary (right)


‘cause you don't know me, i don't know you (yeah)
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
‘cause you don't know what i will or i won't do (you don't know me)
‘cause you don't know me, and i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
‘cause you don't know what i will or i won't do


it's like, every day i wake up, another drama
it's a wonder i'm alive survivin' this karma
if i can hold on to my private life for five minutes longer
i might get my wife to let go of this knife and just calm her
without these cameras in our faces like animals
for your channel 2 action news to follow our ambulance up the avenue
and catch a glimpse of all the suicide attempts
and what we do in private since they won't let us put up a fence
and you wonder why i carry every gun under the sun
whether it's unloaded, full or an unregistered one
no bullets? you're so full of shit
this clip is so full, it'll spit if i don't pull it
and don't give me no bullshit, i'm not in the mood
i just got in a feud in some parking lot with a dude
over kim and she just slit both of her wrists over this shit
don't tell me 'bout the show business shit, i know what this is
bitch


‘cause you don't know me, i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
‘cause you don't know what i will or i won't do (you don't know me)
‘cause you don't know me, and i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
‘cause you don't know what i will or i won't do


so do i gotta buy a whole block to myself, a front door with 12 locks
and have a bodyguard walk me out to my mailbox
and every time somebody makes a threat, run and tell cops?
fuck that! i protect myself with these 12 shots
and one in the chamber, gun in the waist
and one in the ankle, waitin' for someone to come to my place
tryna walk up and knock, like these cocksuckers are not
gonna get a shotgun or a glock shoved in their face
and it's a disgrace hailie can't play with her toys
in the front yard without you drivin' by honkin' your horn
screamin' some shit, leanin' out your windows, beepin' and shit
or pullin' up in my drive like i won't leap in your whip
and so these kids tell their friends and relatives where i live
so my address ends up on the internet again
so then, i do an interview with spin, tellin' them
that if someone comes to my crib, i'ma shove a gun in their ribs
and reporters blow it out of proportion
oh, now he's pullin' guns on his fans, just for tryna stand on his porch
and i'm the bad guy, ‘cause i don't answer my door, like, "hey! hi! you guys wants some autographs? okay, form a straight line!"
sometimes i feel like loadin' this rifle
and climbin' the roof at night and hidin' outside to snipe you
it's not that i don't like you
it's just that when i'm not behind the mic, i'm a person who's just like you