
r.i.p. to r-a-p
e-m-i-n-e-m's back with the d-r-e and i'm the


s-l-i-m (what?) s-h-a-d-y (woo)
i'm h-i-g-h (yeah), yeah, baby, high (ha)
and not afraid of heights
and the b-o-d-y is c-r to the a-z-y
the g-u-y with the mother-f-u-c-k-i-n
c-h-a-i-n-s-a-w and the w-h-i-s-k-e-y
and i don't wanna trouble you, wait
but before you skate, i'd like to try to break the ice
like a frozen lake so you'll fall, stay the night
say like eight or nine
'cause on a scale of one to ten, that's how i rate your vibe
let me be your vibrator (get it?)
your body's slammin' like andré the giant
two wrongs make a right
let me take you by the arm, i'm alligator-like (bite her arm)
gal, i waited all my life for you, heart is racin' like talladega nights
sick minds think alike, girl, you got me singin' like


girl, i've been watchin' what you do
and, baby, i ain't never met a woman quite like you (like you)
so tell me what i gotta do
i've never been with a virgin, but i'd sure like to (yeah)
is this love that i'm feelin'? (that i'm fallin')
how do i describe the vibe that i'm feelin' inside?
i'm in the mood for sexual healin' (i'm fallin')


girl, i'm diggin' your whole mo
give me a go, you're throwin' innuendos
keep sendin' me smoke signals (yeah)
everything's movin', spinning in slow m-o
t-i-o-n, now anything goes, earlobe
nibbling so gentle, then we disrobe, she goes
emily rose, middle of givin' me dome, she froze
literally goes mental, screams she's broke, fragile
empty and so brittle, henny and coke can make women emotional
told her she ain't just some twenty-some-year-old bimbo
then we indulged in so many of those benzos
that i proposed, then gave the strippers a pole
finished, we moaned (uh), then dozed, then we awoke
like, "yo, did we elope?" give me a jolt
my mind's blank, i'm sippin' in hopes it'll
jog it, i thought this was a memory-foam pillow
then why the fuck are we remembering so little?


girl, i've been watchin' what you do
and, baby, i ain't never met a woman quite like you (like you)
so tell me what i gotta do
i've never been with a virgin, but i'd sure like to (yeah)
is this love that i'm feelin'? (that i'm fallin')
how do i describe the vibe that i'm feelin' inside?
i'm in the mood for sexual healin' (50, i'm fallin')


i kill a bitch with a potato peeler for the skrilla
i'm finna skin a sinner, dick robbed like bruce jenner
long time, it turns me on, i
like it like i like snuff flicks, sip piss, eat shit
you're workin' my nerves, louder now, come on, bark, bitch
hi, i'm shady's co-d, shady done rubbed off on me
yeah, bitch, bone me 'fore he use the chainsaw for me
after you see my g-u-n, a pine box we will see you in
you can't believe it's me again, i b-i-g t-i-m-e
k-i-l-l very w-e-l-l
go to hell, r-u-n, t-e-l-l
i'm comin', straight dumbin' with my gun in hand
there's no options, i'm p-o-p-p-i-n
you're dyin', doc's still tryin' to save you
if you survive, i'ma show you what the gauge do
i'm the type there's nothin' you can say to (ayo, bring that hook back)


girl, i've been watchin' what you do
and, baby, i ain't never met a woman quite like you (like you)
so tell me what i gotta do
i've never been with a virgin, but i'd sure like to (yeah)
is this love that i'm feelin'? (that i'm fallin')
how do i describe the vibe that i'm feelin' inside?
i'm in the mood for sexual healin' (i'm fallin')