
gee willikers, gatman, they got me surrounded
i'm on my way


i got a gatman, if there's a problem i'ma solve it
a nigga movin' around with a big-ass revolver
and a batman
what the fuck, are you retarded?
you touch shady, i'll leave you dearly departed


this ain't batman, robin, cagney or lacey
it's 50 cent and shady, the worst, baby
put your hands on my peoples i'll react crazy (yeah!)
put a hole through your front and your back, maybe
but go 'head, you try me
i'll have your ass hooked up to an iv
i leave no witnesses when i ride, b
you fuck with me, you'll see
i react like a animal and tear you apart
if a masterpiece was murder i'd major in art
niggas know i was wrapped too tight from the start
but being a little off landed me on top of the charts (woo!)
so you take the good with the bad, i guess
level three teflon plate on my chest
hammer cocked back, hollow tip in the chamber, danger
anger'll change ya, and make you aim that and squeeze


i got a gatman, if there's a problem i'ma solve it
a nigga movin' around with a big-ass revolver
and a batman
motherfucker, you retarded?
you touch 50, i'll leave you dearly departed


we're walking away from a beef in which clearly you started
i said, "we're walking away,", did you hear me?
you oughta be thankful that we ain't beefin'
we’re still breathing and just leave it at that!
'cause if me and 50 and g-unit hop back in that bat!—mobile
it ain't gonna be no more rap it's gonna be brrrrat!
retaliation, it'll be like them muslim shi'a attacks!
somewhere along the line it's like me and 50 made a pact!
he's got my back, i got his back (back!)
it's almost like we're kinda, like siamese twins
'cause when we beef, we pull each other in, to the bullshit
like we're conjoined at the hip, this is unavoidable
some of the shit is squashable; some shit'll never boil over
some of it will just simmer at best if left alone
but let it be known there will be no sitdowns
with no daves and 'zinos
there will be no peace discussions with me
there ain't gon' be no friendly debates over crumpets and tea
just quit fuckin' with me and i'll gladly quit fuckin' with you
just spit your sixteen and do what you gotta do to get through
without mentioning me or the machine or jimmy iovine or dre or 50 or d-twizzie, obie and just let it be
or we'll be—*knock-knock*—with a


gatman, if there's a problem i'ma solve it
a nigga movin' around with a big-ass revolver
and a batman
what the fuck, are you retarded?
you touch shady, i'll leave you dearly departed


i got a gatman, if there's a problem i'ma solve it
a nigga movin' around with a big-ass revolver
and a batman
what the fuck, are you retarded?
you touch shady, i'll leave you dearly departed