
*gun being cocked*
i'm gonna get my gun!
this motherfucker wants to disrespect me?
man, what the p—?! em! em! what the fuck you doing, man?!
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
i got something for his ass
calm down!
no, you calm down!
man, what—?! what's your problem?!
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
fuck that! the motherfucker wants to pop shit to me?!
man! he wasn't popping shit!
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
you heard him, he was popping that shit!
what shit?!
that shit! you heard him!
he asked for your autograph!
(i'm gonna get my gun!)


i'm mass murderer, pack burners to blast further then you can get
my shit be shooting through bricks
i mix anything together, i done guillotine a nigga
keep a heater that pop clips with seventeen or better
i'll be severing heads, i'm in everyone's nightmare
a nigga that can never ever be scared of the feds
send the niggas that'll fuck with you
stab and brass knuckle you
then have you in the public, there's nothing that you can do
enough with you're motherfucking tough talk, you're soft
get you're balls blew off, from a sawed-off, i'm raw dog
crazier then all y'all, wet you like the navy when i'm angry
you'll never catch me hanging in a narc's car
all i have is thought of, breathing evil
desert eagles will eat through people
when i see you i'mma heat your beef slow
fuck being peaceful, the piece in the vehicle and (i'm gonna get my gun!)


this motherfucker's popping that shit
nah, fuck that, i'll be right back
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
nah, motherfucker, fuck you
you ain't disrespecting me like that
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
walk to the room, sixteen shot clip
bitch, how you like that
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
bet you ain't know that i'm strapped
nice one, bitch, this is my gat
(i'm gonna get my gun!)


i bring it to niggas looking as if they want trouble
i send they body flipping around like a stunt double
forget about the fighting, scrapping, squabing, bucking
i'll squeeze the piece you jumping, dodging, ducking
squatting under trucks and screaming, "that nigga's bluffing"
i cuff my nuts while cussing, "don't trust him"
i round up runyan, dave, wood and nico
my nigga big i and mal' letting the heat blow
heat seek hoes got a&e closed
cause you keep shooting at me and missing like shaq's free-throws
you gotta get a little closer if you wanna try
pistol whip a soldier, with a missile on his shoulders
we can fold or blow your brick house into some tiny boulders
a grimy, older cat will leave you with a tiny odor
i'm doggish, you feeling froggish, then leap bitch
my car is right across the street bitch and (i'm gonna get my gun!)


my whole outfit count clips, get your house lit the fuck up
your spouse shit, and your mouse clip
better bounce, bitch, countless, slugs i'mma send
watch you holler when the hollow tips go through your skin
i'm in love with the sin, tell bugz: i'mma see him
when i cock back, right, i’ll put your blood on your friends
make a rug outta him, bust a slug on his chin
ain't going nowhere like the drugs outta kim
i'm a psycho icon, a mightful might bomb
get a eye full of lead when i slight your lights out
with a street cleaner, wipe your life out
bullets gnaw at your ears, like a tyson fight 'bout
fuck the night clout, guns... clips... (i'm gonna get my...)
fuck that, run, bitch!
hit the streets talks, chumps don't know me
ain't no prob' to leave your whole bod' holey


i'm trying to pull the trigger, but it's stuck, fuck!
my shit is all jammed up, ugh!
come on, you, cock-sucking, good-for-nothing
motherfuckin' piece of shit, shoot! ah!
yeah! what up, bitch?! say that shit again
shot, the bullet missed, hit a brick, bounced of it
ricocheted back in his shin
went through his bitch on a way back, hit his friend
payback, homie, don't play that shit is spin
to be on i told you to leave this shit alone
or (i'm gonna get my gun!)
and it's a shame, i'm too drunk to even aim
denaun stepped in the way and i shot him in his leg
it's like-


this motherfucker's popping that shit
nah, fuck that, i'll be right back
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
nah, motherfucker, fuck you
you ain't disrespecting me like that
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
walk to the room, sixteen shot clip
bitch, how you like that
(i'm gonna get my gun!)
bet you ain't know that i'm strapped
nice one, bitch, this is my gat
(i'm gonna get my gun!)

