
yeah, ha-ha-ha (bang!)
yeah, bizarre kid comin' at you
eminem and fuzz and mr. swifty, ha-ha
no one's iller than me (what?)
no one, no one is iller than me (no one)
no one is iller than me (nobody)
it's mr. swifty from the 313


i make rappers wanna turn into singers
i keep hoes lickin' they fingers
bring this competition and face this meaning
got your whole crew doin' subpoenas
hell nah, you ain't seen a crew, genius
murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
keep it close, you can't beat us
while your whole crew treat us like g's, you best believe this
i done made quadriplegics outta these non-rappin' rejects
while the whole world ejects your tape
it ain't no secret that your shit sounds fake (fake)
you can't stop it, my mind state
makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
i'm like toothaches: i'm painful to rappers
then you can tell from these shells
how i gotta bend 'em like root canals
i erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well (you might as well)
be within a twenty-five to life sentence, on linking trials
horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
everything is foul when swift's around, vacate now (ow)
niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how? (how?)
i'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates – blaow! (blaow!)
it's swifty from the 313
like i said, "no one is iller than me," uhh


no one, no one's iller than me (no one)
it's bizarre kid straight from the 313
no one, no one is iller than me (nobody)
(my name's slim shady)
it's bizarre kid straight from the 313


nobody better test me, 'cause i don't wanna get messy (uh-huh)
especially when i step inside this bitch, dipped freshly (i'm fresh)
new lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
before i do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
true thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' pepsi clubs
down a fifth, crack open a six
i'm on my seventh 8-ball, now i gotta take a piss
i'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends, who gives a fuck who they was? (who they was?)
i'm always takin' someone else's girl like cool j does (what?)
they probably don't be packin' anyways— do they, fuzz?
we walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
mics get sandblasted, stab your abdomen
with a hand-crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid (ugh!)
sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when i ran past it
fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
talkin' shit'll get you, your girl and your man blasted (blasted)
kidnapped and slapped in a van, wrapped in saran plastic (plastic)
get your damn ass kicked
by these fantastic furious four motherfuckers
flashin' in front of your face without the grandmasters (master)
slim shady, ain't nobody iller than me


(no one) ain't nobody iller than me
it's the mr. fuzzy from the 313
no one, no one is iller than me (nobody)
it's eminem and swift from the 313
no one, no one is iller than me (no one)
it's fuzz and buzz-arre from the 313

