
yo (na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na)
i dedicate this to you (hahahaha, yo)
to all my fans: keepin' y'all in health
let's tell this whitey ford to go fuck himself!
'cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart condition and
which i create, 'cause that's my mission
so listen close to what we say, because
this type of fag claims to never be gay


i knew you was jealous from the day, that i met you!
i upset you! 'cause i get respect, i bet you! (what?!)
i'm even liked better by your niece and nephew! (c'mon!)
and now you hate fred! because lethal left you! (aw)
peckerwood mad, 'cause his record went wood
no respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods
got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his blood
and said, "heck, country-western rap records are good"
so he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes
he can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both (haha)
puts an album out and rules for part of the year
then kid rock and limp bizkit come from out of nowhere
it's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year
no one's tryin' to hear some fuckin' old fart in a chair
sittin' on stage, strummin' acoustic guitar in your ear
so you start to get scared, sit back and spark an idea
figure you can diss me to jump start your career?
i punch you in your fuckin' chest, 'til your heart kicks in gear!(bitch)
and fuck your underground buddies' nameless crew
like i'ma say they names, so they can be famous too


you just a quitter and you bitter, 'cause i came along
and the days of house of pain are gone
and if you talk about my little girl in a song again
i'ma kill you, i'ma kill you
you just a quitter and you bitter, 'cause i came along
and the days of house of pain are gone
and if you talk about my little girl in a song again
i'ma kill you, i swear to god, i'ma kill you


heart attack to stroke! from the crack you smoke!
to the rap you wrote! your fuckin' answer back's a joke!
and i'ma tell these motherfuckin' fans the truth!
the reason why you dissed me first and i answered you!
you said i passed you! in a lobby! and i glanced at you!
like i ain't notice you?! bitch, i had a show to do!
like i'm supposed to be star-struck! come over to you!
you better shut your fuckin' mouth while you o-for-two!
back in '94, limp opened the show for you!
rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you
took your motherfuckin' dj and stole him too!
so you fall in a slump and get all emotional
so now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings
confused as fuck! 'cause now your music sucks dick!
mr.-mr. ass kisser to get accepted in rap quicker
but never last, and everlast is a


quitter and you bitter, 'cause i came along
and the days of house of pain are gone
and if you talk about my little girl in a song again
i'ma kill you, i'ma kill you
you just a quitter and you bitter, 'cause i came along
and the days of house of pain are gone
and if you talk about my little girl in a song again
i'ma kill you, i swear to god, i'ma kill you


a'ight, look (listen)
so this is what we ask of our fans:
if you ever see everlast whoop his ass!
hit him with sticks! bricks! rocks! throw shit at him!
kick him! spit on him! treat him like a hoe! bitch-slap him!
do it for me! do it for fred! do it for limp!
do it for rock! do it for rap! do it for kid!
do it for ice-t! do it just to do it! fuck it!
he's a bitch! he ain't gon' hit you back! he's nothin'!
shit, in five years we'll all be eatin' at whitey's!
and he'll be bussin' tables in that bitch! cleanin' the toilets


ayo, fuck this, cut this shit off
ayo, head (hold up a minute)
that's why i fucked your mother, you, fat motherfucker!


(kill whitey) ha-ha-ha!
(kill whitey) detroit! what?! what?!
(kill whitey) yo, yo
(kill whitey), haha, look


first off, fuck your songs and the shit you say!
diss my wife, but at least i got a bitch! you gay!
you claim to be a muslim! but you irish white!
so fuck you, fat boy! drop the mic, let's fight!
plus, i punch you in the chest, weak hearts i rip
whitey ford, 40 and white, lethargic ass dickhead!
i keep 'em comin' while you runnin' out of breath
steady duckin' while i'm punchin' at your chest, you need to rest!
dilated, go ask your people how i leave ya
with your three cds nobody sees, when they released
evidence, don't fuck around with real mcs
you ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks!
i let you faggots know it's on for life
but everlast might die tonight, haha!
fat boy murdered on wax and killed
fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know


grab .380s when you see slim shady
call the doctor to heal your heart
they shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
honkey, i hit 'em up!


hahaha
yo, check this out
you, faggots, ain't even on my level
i'ma let d12 ride on you, bitch-made ass faggots!


ha, ha
now we got the whole industry makin' fun of you, erik
where's your house of pain now? it's only one of you, erik
you a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go around
with some killers from 7 mile to the motherfuckin' belle isle bridge, ha


grab .380s when you see slim shady
call the doctor to heal your heart
they shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
honkey, i hit 'em up!


got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still?
this ain't no freestyle battle, everlast gettin' killed with his chest open
tryna throw a fuckin' punch, but you just chokin'
havin' a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime!
'cause you suck, motherfucker, you should learn to rhyme!
talkin' about you packin' pistols, but it's funny to me!
you ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me!
i'm a paleface killer whale!
on his way to fuckin' prison, pistol whippin' tail
ha, erik, remember when i passed you in the lobby that day?!
that shit was obvious, you pro'bly was gay, ha
now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop
49 thousand copies the week your shit drop!
while my sales makin' records break!
two and a half million scanned by the second week!
motherfucker, i hit 'em up!


i'm from detroit's pemberton ave. where bullets tear you in half (haha)
fuck the music, we got a uzi for all you fags
get the shit out of our stereo, dilated, you violated!
now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you!
iriscience get choked up and yoked up
all you, underground bitches, get your throats cut


you a black jesus, heart attack, seizures
too many cheeseburgers, mcdonald's big mac greases
white devil, washed-up honkey
mixed up cracker who crossed over to country


yo, ayo, cut this shit off
shit! fuck him!
that's it, i'm done, i promise, i'm done
that's it, i'm sorry (no more)
i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i promise
i just believe in kickin' a man while he's down
goddamn! i quit!
mention my daughter's name in a song again, you fuckin' punk ayo!