
you don't own me
nah, man—not quite finished yet
i'm not just one of your many toys
ha-ha, woo!


girl, i think you just might've tried to pull a motherfuckin' fast one, i'm mad
you just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one i had
does this look like an arcade? tryna play games? see this saw blade?
see this silhouette of a stalker in your walkway? better cooperate
or get sauteed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
mc's get so quiet you can hear a motherfuckin' dog whistle when i walk by
colt seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin' fall guy
i don't gas my mercedes after midnight, i treat it like a mogwai
'cause it will turn into a gremlin and run over kids, women, and men
vrinn-vrinn!—motor so big, you can fit a midget in his engine
bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin'? not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
will i spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny? shit, if i think a penny's pretty
just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me; eenie-meenie-miney-mo
catch an eskimo by his toe while he's tryna roll a snowball (you don't own me)
but don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers, better let him go, y'all (i'm not just one of your many toys)
'cause


you don't own me
now here we go, go, go


get up, baby, get a move on like a u-haul, you can rack your brain
like pool balls; you won't ever think of this shit—yeah, honey, you called?
well, here i come, havoc on the beat, i wreak it; evil—i see
hear, and speak it—lady, put your money on shady, fuck that other weak shit
put your eggs in the same basket, you can count every motherfuckin'
chicken 'fore it hatches 'cause you can bet your ass that we gonna get it crackin'
like the kraken and titans when they're clashin', get your brains bashed in
so bad, you will have kurt cobain askin' to autograph a bloodstained napkin
unfashionable, and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag's asshole
now let's take that line, run it up the flagpole
with elton, see if he's cool with it, don't stand there and look stupid
at me, bitch, i ain't in the mood for this shit, get my dick, google it
'til it pops up! y'all are so motherfuckin' full of shit that you're stocked up
me, i'm always shittin' diarrhea of the mouth 'til your speakers crap out (*fart*) huh, what?
girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette (chig-chigga-ret-ret)
but you won't get a hot fudge sundae from me so do not strut
my way, slut, because—


you don't own me
now here we go, go, go


and now that i got your panties in a bunch and your bowels in an uproar
i'ma show you why i came, so you stop askin' me, "what the fuck for?"
now look you little slut, cunt, whore, i know you want more
bitch, it's time to put the math back into mathers 'cause i'm a fuckin' problem—run, boy!
every flow, got it mastered so every last word that you fuckin' fags heard
comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah, in other words, i'm a bass-turd
lookin' at me like i killed kenny, gas in the tank—yeah, still plenty
no morals are instilled in me, so remorse, i really don't feel any
eat your heart out, hannibal, understandable why you're jealous
fuck an animal, i got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now—can you, hoe?
“shady, i don't understand your flow” — understand my flow? bitch, i flow
like troy polamalu's hair, boy, don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy
i'm raw, you ain't even medium-rare, stay the fuck outta my hair, boy
you can look, you can stare, and point, but you can't touch, i'm too clairvoyant
i don't get it, man, is there a void? all this weak shit, what am i, steroids?
well, bitch, i'm back with some shit for that ass and your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids
and remember, boys—


you don't own me
now here we go, go, go


thank you for coming out
i hope you enjoyed the show
'til next time (ha-ha)
peace (peace, peace)