
welcome to detroit
this is the bet
shady 2.0
cypher 2011
myself, slaughterhouse
and yelawolf
white dawg (thank you, cracker king,) get 'em!
(let's get 'em)


ladies and gentlemen... (you scared now?)
make that face at 'em, dog!
crooked i
get 'em!


hahahahahaha
hahaha
a'ight (ayo)
yeah, joe
all right, go ahead, rap
lyrical miracles


huh? huh?
yeah (yeah,) oh, wait (shady)
wait go ahead, go ahead (shady) (you gotta get 'em, too)
(you the boss, you better get 'em) wait, can i rap?
(you the boss so you better 
you 'bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored
when i unleash these beastly hordes on your cd stores
wanna stop it? you gon' need a priest, at least three swords
a license to ill from the beastie boys, three ouija boards
and a squeegee, and please be warned, don't ask what the squeegee's for
or the holy water, acid raps that'll eat these floors
eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns?
and as for me, you ask, when i'm gone, will he be mourned?
is puke lukewarm?
should casey anthony do porn?
can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a frickin' shoebox with a shoehorn
smothered in chloroform, so she can go get her groove on?
can she duct-tape and velcro a fetus?
joell, yo, tell joe i need his
empty box from his old shell-toed adidas
so i can put these babies in a fetal position
they're gettin' elbows to the penis
yeah, big deal
i took some little kid's big wheel and spit in his frickin' big kids meal
quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still!
did you just put your six-inch heel through my benz windshield?!
is it dust we 'bout to kick up?
can yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup
between his stick shift in his frigging pickup
and drink like a hick redneck hillbilly will 'til he gets hicc-ups?
flippin' the script up, like mike vick
gettin' bit in his junk by a pit, yup, i'm a sick pup
i'd be a horrible magician, 'cause i'd fuck a trick up
fix your lips up to say somethin' fly, or zip up!
ayy, b, let's see:
you said you're gonna do x-y-z
'til you fuck around and get dropped
like an e when you add an i-n-g
don't put a k in front of that, though, when i mc
'cause i'm not the king of this microphone booth, it's more like a phone booth
superman in this bitch, kryptonite won't do
it gives me more power, i bump the fat boys and
eat rat poison, take meteor showers
fresh outta the mental hospital
and me not flossin' a middle finger while i hop in a mosh pit
will be like nas doin' gospel or r&b—you crazy?
me pushin' up daisies, that thought is impossible
as if flashin' across the news
posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
with a huge johnson, boobs and a monstrous tube
of lube, and a bra, some boots, some panties, and an aqua blue mazda
swallowin' a popsicle, playin' tonsil pool
so kill the rumors, it ain’t happenin'; i’ma rap 'til i'm fossil fuel