
shady! that's me!
high and mighty trilogy
back with the flyest material
shady... sh... shady!
that that... that's me!
high.. high and.. mighty trilogy
back with the... funky... beats


my nine is lifting ya six feet when i spray rounds
hit you with twelve shots in mid-air
and four more on the way down
as eight strays graze through a kid's hair on the playground
you lay down on a stretcher (don't get carried away now!)
no pun intended, just hop out of your whip
and leave it unattended before i whip out this gun and end it
unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
‘cause i can leave your infinite full of those
even if someone's in it
snatch the airbag, hit the corner and park it
corner the market, i got her tied up in a chair and gagged
bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
like cavewomen, while i'm gravediggin' with marilyn mans'


(here - buy this) i'm e-mailing you at the wrong website
and misspelling you, prank you and put the fear of hell in you
escaped bellevue, stuffed the nurse in a purse
disperse like i added too many words in a verse
slim shady, a perverted version of birth
driving off, leaving a murdered virgin at church
the first person who searching the earth for the motherfucker
that pulled the plug when they should have alerted the surgeon first (kill his ass)
get thrown curves, and hit with your own words
leave me alone bitch! i get on my own nerves!
and if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
i'm taking off both shoes and sticking each middle toe up
(fuck y'all!!!!)


if you got a bowl of hash better cash it
got a satchel? flash it, i'mma take your last hit
and if you spittin wack shit on the microphone
i'mma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'mma detach it
so if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
got a satchel? flash it, i'mma take your last hit
i'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
threw my baby's mother in the hatchback and latched it


any disease out there i'm willing to catch it
slim shady
all praises to the high & mighty
slim shady, naughty rotten rhymer
mr. eon, illest rhyme dropper
"slim shady", "naughty rotten rhymer"
mr. eon, illest rhyme dropper
slim shady, n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer
mr. eon, illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper