
denaun, what up, man?
what up, dawg?
you all right?
chillin', it's cold as hell
yes, it is, hey, bus didn't come here, did it?
no, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
nah, i got just enough to get on the bus, i'm broke
we gotta go to the store right quick, man, 'cause i'm short
yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
nah, look
you should just–, how much you got there?
i only got seventy-five (and i mean–)
and you know what i'm sayin'?
i got a dollar, you know what i mean?
just throw it in there, they ain't gonna know
you know what? (c'mon)
ayy, look, i'm sick of takin' this damn bus everywhere, man
you gotta make some moves or somethin'
i know, look, i'm tryna get rich
i got a baby on the way, i ain't even got a car
you know what i'm sayin'?
i'm still stayin' with my moms, man
twenty-one stayin' in my old crib, you know what i'm sayin'?
yeah, look, hey, we gotta make some hit records or somethin'
you know what i'm sayin'? (i'm ready)
'cause i'm tired of bein' broke


'cause all i do is yearn a life without a concern
and dream of havin' a turn to earn money to burn
mappin' out my strategies to get rich, huh
my desire's like a scratch that needs to get itched, huh
'cause, man, i live in the d, this shit ain't given for free
nothin's different to me, so what else is there to see?
i'll be the prisoner to flee from all of this misery
i'm not wishin' to be another fish in the sea
but just an mc, so listen to me for this and agree
you're missin' the key, you ain't even in the vicinity
unconditionally, my aspects to cash checks
my objects were never to swab decks
it's up to you, the decision is yours
if what you vision is tours or a mission-less course
when your shit is in the stores, 'cause you can be a star


no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?


you know what i'm sayin'? see what i'm talkin' about, man?
it's that simple, yeah
a million dollars ain't even that far away, really
you know we got to get the money, mani can't be broke for the rest of my life, man
yeah, i hear what you're sayin'
look, there's gotta be somethin' better, you know what i'm sayin'?
i can't live like this for the rest of my life, man
bummin' rides everywhere i go, yeah
what's up with lexuses and land cruisers? haha


ayo, i'm not about to chance it and dismiss handlin' business
i'm cancelin' christmas to gamble and risk this
financial interest is the matter at hand
i got an adequate plan for a stab at a grand
i grab what i can and do what i must
pursue what i lust, it's true that i just choose a few that i trust
them's the people that i still got
fuck with gangsta philpot, get your grill shot
the 5 ela for life: my man thyme
proof, kyu and denaun, we move through in the nine
my crew's true and divine, we never fronted
we just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
instead of hunted or bein' wanted like fugitives
it's all about a man plannin' what his future is
what he can do for his, to be a star


no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?
'cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are
you're never too far from revenue, huh?


that's what i'm talkin' about
i'm not tryna be the player, i'm tryna be the mayor, haha
i want to be president, yo man, forget bein' president, man
i'm tryna be king, makin' dead presidents
you know what i'm sayin'? (yeah)
gettin' money any time i want, ownin' my own businesses and all that
you know what i'm sayin'? yeah, i'm tryna be a millionaire, baby
hahaha, it's all on you though
you only live once, '96, baby