
*fart*, *fart*
yo (yo)
look
yo


i'm the worst thing since fat bald men
decided to write songs to teach mouseketeers to sing (ahh!)
i stick britney spears in a room full of mirrors
so she gets fifty years of bad luck
causin' terror to christina aguilera
when i grab her by the hair and drag her across the sahara (come on, bitch)
beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
with a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
got a habit of holdin' tylenol in his hands
'til it melts in his fuckin' palms and dissolves in his glands
(so who is it?) the fool who visit the playground
with two biscuits to lay down the school district
get pistol-whipped with a mossberg
with a pistol grip, and fed pitbull shits
sniff glue sticks like i give two shits
if i get too rich, i just get sued


yo, i leave wit no injure, after i blow four in ya
one handstand on top of yo ninja
crash it, doc stir the madness
'til y'all outta work like tony atlas
walkin', cans in the laundry basket
america's most, with the army after us
fuck flossin', we take what's yours
unload fifteen like an ace and four
i'm outta work, but doc laid them off
(shit, the power's out) the tape is off!
yo, you targeted from arsonists
papermate pens filled wit arsenic
i got hoes that don't know what prada is
doc could shape up, touch your barber, miss (ts! ts!)
fade you with a bloody blade
i turn rap camps into crystal lake (kill, kill, kill)
fuck bitches face is what i'ma do
'cause that's what white boy tano do


so how's everybody doin' tonight?
hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
so suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this (off the wall)
so how's everybody feelin' tonight?
hope you in that mood to get rude and ill in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
so suck my dick if you don't wanna bump! (off the wall)


yo, what my jabs are spittin', hospital, son, admit it
rip your lips off, kiss my ass with it
slap bitches, doc. marshall maths? (print it)
weed, x, and the acid tabs did it
i'm "what's happening," with no re-run
doc. rob de niro when the heat come
my barrel hang out the camaro
aimed at the nose of them hoes, it's hard to breathe from
flash the gat, your town, bogart it
your wallet, your chain: the main target
beef is like cold engine: don't start it
bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
we clowned you, rap surround sounds around you
from ten-speed and brown shoe
doc and eminem, cock the m&m
blood flows with 2pacalypse and them


it's like, funk doctor meets the punk rocker
got the drugs stocked inside the lunch box (uhh)
pop junk like i just got jumped
popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
knock wood, it's all good; thank god for vodka
'cause with my luck, i'll probably get shot by a stalker (ckkk!)
probably got a fanatic waitin' upstairs in the attic
with a automatic callin' me up there (watch up!)
my man, stan, with a gat in his hand
stakin' my house out in a tan, tinted sedan
pull your mouth out till you can't finish a damn (yeah)
ham sandwich, or your can spinach and spam (yeah)
'til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplift through the mall
pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
hey, ma, maybe i'll give you a call
psyche! you fuckin' bitch, suck a dick and two balls! (hahaha)
i'm givin' you all my job descrip', which is
to piss bitches and priests off with this ("...need jesus!")
pop more pills 'til police officers
arrive at the scene and pull me off of kim
teeth off my dick, hands off my balls
but y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all! (chm!)
'cause i'm so goddamn off the wall
i might as well just be a painting smashed on the floor (ah!)


so how's everybody feelin' tonight?
hope you in that mood to get rude and ill in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
so suck my dick if you don't wanna fuck to this (off the wall)
so how's everybody doin' tonight?
hope you're in the mood to get drunk and screw in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
so suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this (off the wall)


no matter what people say
i'm gon' keep doin' my thing
no matter... oh