
this is the final boarding call for flight 1259 departing from los angeles
on destination to st. louis, thank you


damn, g, the spot's gettin' hot
so how the fuck am i supposed to make a knot?
police looking at niggas through a microscope
in l.a. everybody and they mama sell dope
they trying to stop it
so what the fuck can i do to make a profit?
catch a flight to st. louis
that's cool, 'cause nobody knew us
we stepped off the plane
four gang bangers, professional crack slangers
rented a car at wholesale
drove to the ghetto, and checked in a motel
unpacked and i grab the three-eighty
'cause where we stayin', niggas look shady
but they can't fade south central
'cause bustin' a cap is fundamental
peepin' out every block close
seein' which one will clock the most
yeah, this is the one, no doubt
bust a u, bone, and let's clear these niggas out


ayy, ayy, man, wassup, nigga?
yo, well, this lench mob, nigga


now clearin' 'em out meant casualties
still had the l.a. mentality
bust a cap, and outta there in a hurry
wouldn't you know? a drive-by in missouri
them fools got popped
took they corner next day, set up shop
and it's better than slangin' in the valley
triple the profit makin' more than i did in cali
breakin' off rocks like barney rubble
'cause them mark-ass niggas don't want trouble
and we ain't on edge when we do work
police don't recognize the khakis and the sweatshirts
gettin' bitches and they can't stand a
1991 tony montana
now the shit's like a war
of gang violence, where it was never seen before
punks run when the gat bust
four jheri curl niggas kickin' up dust
and some of them are even lookin' up to us
wearing our colors and talkin' that gang fuss
givin' up much love
dyin' for a street that they never heard of
but other motherfuckers wanna stand strong
so you know the phrase, once again it's on


at the top of the news tonight, gangs from south central, los angeles which are known for their drive-by shootings
have migrated into east st. louis, leaving three dead and two others injured
no arrests have been made
police say this is a nationwide trend
with similar incidents occurring in texas, michigan, and oklahoma


boom, my homie got shot, he's a goner, black
st. louis niggas want they corner back
shootin' in snowy weather
it's illegal business, niggas still can't stick together
fuckin' police got the 4-1-1
that l.a. ain't all surf and sun
but we ain't thinkin' 'bout the boys
feudin' like the hatfields and mccoys
now the shit's gettin' tricky
'cause now they lookin' for the colors and the dickies
damn, the spot's gettin' hot from the battle
about to pack up and start slangin' in seattle
but the narcs raid about six in the mornin'
try to catch a nigga when he's yawnin'
put his glock to my chest as i pause
went to jail in my motherfuckin' drawers
tryna give me fifty-seven years
face'll be full of those tattooed tears
it's the same old story and the same old nigga stuck
and the public defender ain't givin' a fuck
the fool must be sparkin'
talkin' about a double life plea bargain
you got to deal with the crips and the bloods by hand, g
plus the black guerilla family
and the white pride don't like no side
and it's a riot if any one of us die
no parole or probation
now this is a young man's summer vacation
no chance for rehabilitation
'cause look at the motherfuckin' years that i'm facin'
i'ma end it like this 'cause you know what's up
my life is fucked


come on, g
police, eat a dick, straight up
look here, you lil' goddamn nigga, you're not gafflin' nobody
you fuckin' understand me? (kick his ass, put him down)
that's right, get down on the goddamn ground now
fuckin' move, now (let me take a shot at him, let me take a shot him)
we're gonna do you like king
what goddamn king?
rodney king, martin luther king, and all the goddamn kings from africa
look out, motherfucker