
good evening
police, do not attempt to adjust your radios, there is nothing wrong
we have taken control over this city as to bring you this special bulletin
and we will return this motherfucker to you
as soon as the national guard move in


the cops wanna catch the nigga that won't fetch
but i'll blast ya, never call ya master
who is that kickin' up shit much faster?
rollin' on a scooter, you know i might do ya
see a black cop and my buckshots run right through ya
i never knew ya
'cause i'm not a trick
you can suck the biggity-dick, i'm not the piggity-pig
i get away quickity-quick on a plane to south central
never get played by the monkey wrench ho
steady mobbin', i'm just like robin hood
up to no good, so many bitches on my wood
to the right of me and to the left of me
bitch, i got so much game i need a referee
throw a penalty of ass interference
damn, y'all over me, so bitch, get on the bench
here comes the cops, so i better hit the fence
better run fast 'cause the dobermans pinch
and i won't play mine in the daytime
goddamn, here comes the canine
four-legged copper that wants to use ice cube as a whopper
but who's the first nigga to outrun a chopper?
no lie, say hi to the bad guy


fuck (hey guys, where ya headed?)
nowhere, man (got your license and registration?)
yeah, hold up, right here (hey, what's in that box back there?)
nah, nothin', nothin' (they happen to be donuts?)
huh? (ya got a glazed donut? how bout a bear claw?)
uh (if you don't have one, i gotta gaffle ya)
what? you gon' gaf— damn


see one time, hit 'em up
'cause you know the lench mob is down to get 'em up
people think ice cube roll with the gangs
'cause i'm in a coupe that's sittin' on thangs
ain't gotta tell me twice about the jack
see, i got a .9 in my lap to take care of that
caps get peeled on the regular
'cause niggas try to get me for my cellular
knick-knack, paddy-wack, the mack daddy's back
kidnappin' hoes like the patty hearst jack
have the white ho with a .44
go rob a liquor store, they can't blame it on a nigga-ro
bring the money to the rooster
had a bitch in the mall bein' a booster
damn, can't stand when the bitch get sent to sybil brand
and come back a man
you wanna point the finger at me 'cause the og
is souped like chef boyardee
humpin', jumpin', had the place jumpin'
goddamn, gotta break you off somethin'
you wanna know why i bust and how (click-click)
now look at you now
huh, and i'm out real fast
get the paper out your ass, baby
yo, here we go, listen to the pro
shoot the bo-bo and act like ya know, ho
fuck with the flow and die
when i walk by, say hi to the bad guy


c'mon, man, it's just one left (i'll make a deal with ya)
what? (ahh, ya got one of those powdered donuts?)
how bout that twister?
if it have cream in the middle, i'm gonna have to gaffle ya!
you gon' gaffle us? (hey, can i reach back there and get one?)
uh, yeah, homie
go on and reach your head in (we got a lot of donuts left)
duck your head in there, man
*gunshots*
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?