
yo, t-bone
(what up, d?)
yo man these motherfuckers steppin' to me man talkin' 'bout the lench mob ain't in e-fizz-ect!
(motherfuckers pc yo boy tyrna fit everybody panic)
word 'em up, matter of fact i oughta cuff 'em like a brand new pair of levi's!
(like roll them motherfuckers up like a f-f-fat ass joint!)
word 'em up!


you can't fuck with the criminal
rappin' over gangsta shit
first i load the clip, and then i make the hit
i know some of y'all can't fade this
lench mob niggas are the craziest
so you and your boys are ass-out
when i'm rollin in a seven-deuce glass house
the mob ain't nothing but a menace
when we get the motherfucking dog in us
playing them oldies
i'm pourin' out some of my beer for my homies
ready to peel your cap
you can't believe "faces of death" on wax
some say the mob ain't positive
man fuck that shit, 'cause i gots to live
how i live and you could either give a fuck punk
yo or get your ass bucked
some rappers are heaven-sent
but self-destruction don't pay the fuckin' rent
so you can either sell dope or get your ass a job
i'd rather roll it wit the lench mob


lench mob! lench mob! lench mob!
for lynching any sucker (x4)
(the lench mob is takin' a 9 to ya mind all the motherfucking time!)
(yeah, motherfucker!)
(do it!)


to be down with the mob is simple
mind your own; you want a spot, find your own
and take mine if you're badder than the strongest
i do the right thing i do the wrong thing
do anything cause i ain't faking the scene
it's all about how much bacon you bring
and if you see something from the gat i will stuff it
yo you ain't seen nothing
cause if you testify you're living blind
cause in the city you live and let die
rolling with the fools one-time can't beat
on my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet
he said "i know you" i said "you might
my name is ice cube i did a song you didn't like"
so he soaked me up like bounty
had to do a week in the county
a piece of cake it was just like a party
cause in the county you know everybody
no i didn't kill or steal or rob
locked up for what cause i'm rollin' wit the lench mob




if you know a female that's rollin' with the lench mob
watch your step cause the gat is kept
in the purse like my homegirl yo-yo
you gotta be down and you can't be a ho, no
cause if you are i'll be the first one to bust you out
after my crew i'll be the first one to rush you out
get the picture or bitch
you'll get the eighty-six
if she wanna try and mix
business and pleasure make up your own mind
you gotta be a ho on your own time
don't sleep cause even on a solo creep
yo the mob is still deep
and we'll play ya just like a nit-wit
you thought you got with the crew you can't get with
so get the noose ready for the lynching
now 235 is what i'm benching
but nowadays it's still not enough
i got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush
give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job
rolling with the motherfucking lench mob




ayo, fuck that man
i'm not going back to jail
fuck that, ice cube
man, i'm rollin' wit the lench mob