
oh yeah it ain't over motherfuckers
these niggas don't understand
every few years niggas got to get their motherfuckin' caps peeled back
nigga this is westside nigga, don't think, nigga don't think
now, next motherfuckers go by the name of cypress hill
k all motherfuckin' day


every few years niggas think they can deal with the real
now i gots to fuck cypress hill
i got a voice you should fear
i drink a beer, bust a rap and end your fuckin' career
you fuckin' cowards, never seen a hood high powered
like the westside connect
slide me my tec
i got 'em, soon as i spot 'em, i'm dumpin'
gotta treat these bitch ass niggas like they stole somethin'
i see a joint in your clutch
you're smokin' that shit too much, got your bitch ass touched
sen dog you can't rap from the guts
and b-real soundin' like he got baby nuts
i don't know why y'all think y'all slick
i don't know one rapper down wit' your clique
i don't know one bitch on your dick
and i don't know one nigga bumpin' your shit
i hear you claimin' south central wait
you ain't from my hood, y'all hoes from south gate
comin' with a voice high pitched
the "b" in b-real must stand for bitch


everybody in the ghetto, know what you're doin'
one white boy and two fuckin' cubans
claimin' that you're loco, but you ain't mexican
listen to "no vaseline" before you flex again
fuckin' with the hogs
you say you bloods but you ain't liked by the dogs fool
on tour only rappin' to the yuppies
we the big fish, i'll make a dish out you fuckin' guppies
so who are y'all with?
niggas down with cypress can wipe this shit off my dick
as i stick it like king kong and play ping pong
with this fake ass cheech and chong
did you tell ya momma that i had to help ya
when sen dog left your bitch ass in australia
you say that i took your hook?
it must be the white boy thinkin' all niggas crooks
now what, you hip-hop hippies?
how you fuckin' junkies
think you gonna punk me and chill
and deal with the fact that you ain't got enough skill
to kill the king of the hill?
ice cube could you pass me my steel?
for real, i'm the king of the hill
mack10 could you pass me my steel?
for real, i'm the king of the hill!
ice cube could you pass me my steel?
for real, i'm the king of the hill
westside could you pass me my steel?
for real, i'm the king of the hill!


"i'm havin' illusions"
of westside niggas whoopin' on your motherfuckin' ass
that's what you got illusions of, bitch!
yeah nigga, you's a bitch!
dog we ain't got no niggas like you on my side
nigga this is inglewood
westside, yeah!
check it out
we're waitin' for round 2 you punk ass motherfuckers
and anybody else that wanna get some
stand in line
but bring a lunch motherfuckers
ha ha ha ha
dizzam, somebody got fucked up, nigga