
ice cube with da lench mob, i got it goin' on
a nigga that's livin' in the city of the criminal zone
one-time can't keep the law in order
'cause everybody's goin' crazy for a quarter
you're tuned in to the number one crew in the area
the way i'm talkin' i'm scarin' ya
i'm darin' ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag
or beat down for ya flag
'cause if you is or you ain't a gangbanger
keep one in the chamber
'cause you'll get them thangs put on ya son
ice cube has got the 4-1-1
all the ol' school house fellows are crooks
so i get jealous looks
they keep thinkin' did my head grow?
will the boys in the hood have to beat down ice cube?
hell no, i'll static son, you'll see it's okay
i keep my nine anyway
for the day one of my homies wanna squab
i'm still rollin' wit da lench mob


them's the motherfuckers you don't wanna fuck with
(america's most wanted)


back in the day i did my share of dirt
sometimes i got away clean, sometimes people got hurt
but if you know me, you know that i'm liable
to bust a cap 'cause it's all about survival of the fittest
i'm a menace crook
i did so much dirt, i need to be in the guinness book
from the shit i took from people
i repo your 'vette, then jet
back to the criminal set
i leave clue after clue, but they can't catch me yet
'cause i'm slick and slippery
they can't get with me, cops ain't shit to me
i can't dig a pig, so i drop the dogs
and sweat em like sweathogs
and get mad, mad 'cause i'm the nigga that flaunt it
amerikkka's most wanted


(ayo, what the fuck you sweatin me for mister officer man
he said a motherfuckin' hamburger stand got broken in
do i look hungry motherfucker?)
we got ways to make you move


aiyo, here's what the poster read
"ice cube is wanted dead"
that's all it said
i put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green
hear shots and si-reens
when i fiend, first they yo' rings, now they my rings
so give it up punk and then i just
put another jack in progress
it's the american way
'cause i'm the g-a-n-g-s-t-a
ice cube, a motherfuckin' klepto
and tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so
who gets the worm?
and if i'm caught in a trap, you know i'ma beat the rap
with a payoff, cop gotta lay off
fbi on my dick, stay off!
i'm not a rebel or a renegade on a quest
i'm a nigga with a 's' on his chest
so get the kryptonite 'cause i'm a rip tonight
'cause i'm scarin' ya, i'm wanted by america


run nigga! run nigga!
see ya!
(aiyo cube man, they on your ass)


word, but who the fuck is herb?
it's time to take a trip to the suburbs
let 'em see a nigga invasion
point blank on a caucasian
cocked the hammer, didn't crack no smile
take me to your house, pal
got to the house, my pockets got fat, see
crack the safe, got the money and the jewelry
three weeks later, i'm at the p-a-d
had a little fly ass bitch wit me
sittin' in the den, yo it couldn't be
(what up, g?) saw my face on tv
damn (oh shit!) i didn't know i lucked out
struck out, i gotta get the fuck out
packed my bags and tried to hit the door when
the ol' bitch down the street must've turned me in
'cause the feds was out there ten deep
i got hassled and gaffled in the back seat
i think back when i was robbin' my own kind
the police didn't pay it no mind
but when i start robbing the white folks
now i'm in the pen with the soap-on-a-rope
i said it before and i'll still taught it
every motherfucker with a color is most wanted


amerikkka's most wanted, uh,  reports that ice cube is the leader of the, uh, lench mob. uh, also in the group they have j-dee, t-bone, chill, yo-yo, del, k-dee
sounds like a black thing