
journey with me into the mind of a maniac
doomed to be a killer since i came out the nut sack
i'm in a murderous mind state with a heart full of terror
i see the devil in the mirror
buck! buck! lights out
'cause when i grab my sawed off, niggas get hauled off
(ha, ha! barrel one) tears your mothafuckin' flesh
(yeah, barrel two) tears your fuckin' heart out your chest
you see, i'm quick to let the hammer go click, on my tec-9
so if you try to wreck mine, fool, it's your bedtime
feel the blast from the chocolate bomber
infrared aimed at your head like your name was sarah connor
decapitation, i ain't hesitatin' to put you in the funeral home
wit' a bullet in your dome
i'm hot like lava, you got a problem?
i got a problem solver and his name is revolver
it's like a deadly game of freeze tag
i touch you with a .44 mag and you're frozen inside a body bag
nobody iller, than this grave yard filler
cap peeler, 'cause i'm a natural born killa


terror illustrates my era
now i can't hang around my momma 'cause i scare her
i'm want to blast motherfuckers (yeah what's up?)
it feels like i'm bustin' a nut when i open you up
'cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
all weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
'cause i'm givin' dirt naps
comin' with them bomb-ass raps
to make your lungs collapse, perhaps
you never sleep 'cause every time you doze
you catch blows to the motherfuckin' nose
ain't seen the sun, in 66 days
let me count the ways in a fucked up maze
i never, ever, ever made a ho stay
but i'm down with dre like ac is down with oj
so fuck how you're livin'
i'm the unforgivin', psycho-driven murderer
it's authentic, don't panic
i can't stand it, goddamn it, schizophrenic
so fuck charlie manson!
i'll snatch him out of his truck
hit 'em with a brick and i'm dancin'


i don't understand the logic in my dreams
but i understand i like the sounds of sirens
terrified screams from the streams of strychnine
dumpin' on any mothafucker tryin' to trick mine
'cause punk mothafuckers wanna violate
now they stiff and cold, and they pupils won't dilate
it's so much pain, migraine, headache
i can hear his bones break
he steps in the single door
get his ass whipped with 20 lashes like they do up in singapore
so i'mma pull a fuckin' jeffrey dahmer
now i'm suicidal, just like nirvana


gitchi gitchi ya ya, they call me dada
6 million ways to murder, choose one
lose one soul, bodies turn cold
natural fright from niggas goin' bump in the night


should i peel him? (yeah)
should i peel her?
am i iller (hell yeah!)
than a natural born killa?