
god damn
the bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'
and when dealin' with da lench mob you gots to know steady mobbin' is not just the name of this jam
but a way of life
bound together by motherfuckers that's known to break em' off something
give it to me
there goes the neighborhood
there goes the neighborhood
there goes the neighborhood
there goes the neighborhood


four or five niggas in a mothership
better known as a deuce and we all wanna smother shit
bent, front and back glass got tint
tryin' to get our hands on some dollars and cents
and fools can't hold us
every chance we get, we hittin' up the rollers
comin' up short of the green guys
and i might start slangin' bean pies
or the bootleg t-shirt of the month
with "u can't touch this" on the front
i'm out to get rich
'cause life ain't nothin' but money and fuck a bitch
they drop like dominoes
and if you didn't know, ice cube got drama, hoes
so after the screwin'
i bust a nut and get up and put on my white ewings
i'm out the door
all you might get is a rubber on the floor
'cause i'm ready to hit the road like mario andretti
bitch, cause i'm steady mobbin'


have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
steady mobbin'
have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
there goes the neighborhood


bustin' caps in the mix
rather be judged by twelve than carried by six
'cause i'm gettin' major
fuck pactel, move to sky pager
told all my friends
don't drink 8-ball 'cause st. ides is givin ends
fools get drunk and wanna compete
slapboxin' in the street
niggas get mad, tempers are flarin'
'cause they got a few bitches starin'
just for the nappy heads
but scandalous bitches make for happy feds
i make it my duty to cuss 'em
out 'cause i just don't trust 'em
and if you tell on me i'm bombin' on betty
bitch shoulda known i was steady mobbin'


have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
steady mobbin'
have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
there goes the neighborhood


since one-time so hot
got me a stash spot in my hooptie for the glock
'cause i'm rollin' on rims
eating soul food, neckbones from m&m's
grubbin' like a motherfucker
greasy-ass lips, now i gots to take a shit
saw sir jinx bellin'
when i hit a left on ruthelen, "what up, loc?"
don't you know that niggas get smoked
that take they life for a joke? get in, nigga
i'll take you to the pad soon
went to mom's house and dropped a load in the bathroom
jumped back in my lowrider
comin' out feelin' about ten pounds lighter
went to bone's house so i can get the gat
looking for the place where all the hoes kick it at
lench mob ain't nothin' but tramps
for hoes lickin' nuts like stamps
one fool bumpin' music for the yamps
but ice cube had more amps, get in, bitch
'cause i had the jam on
and i don't want to hear shit about a tampon
gimme the nappy and make me happy
the ho said, "pappy, could you slap me
on the ass hard and fast
and could please try not to leave a gash?"
i said, "yeah, but i don't play sex
without puttin' on the latex"
slipped on the condom
fucked around and dropped the bomb, son
and it came out sort of like confetti
in for the night, no longer steady mobbin'


have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
steady mobbin'
have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
there goes the neighborhood
have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
steady mobbin'
have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
there goes the neighborhood


there goes the neighborhood
get the radio, get the radio
there goes the neighborhood