
you can run but you can't hide
from the westside night stalker, shit talker
run and tell them it's the l.m
nigga with the gat, and i'm back
off the everyday prey that i slay
rolling with a fo', chase ya through south central
monkey-wrench ho should know that, she'll get the bozack
'cause i'm not starving, but fuck that johnny carson ho
never had me on the late night show
coming with the shit that'll hit
"steady mobbin'" 'cause the flavor's good
there goes the neighborhood
nigga with the third album; how come he don't fall off?
rolling with the sawed-off gauge
turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture
but you know anita, she can get the peter
eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
motherfuck billboard and the editor; here comes the predator!


check your head for the new style
fuck laurence powell and briseno, wind and koon, pretty soon
we'll fuck them like they fucked us and won't kiss 'em
riots ain't nothing but diets for the system
fighting with the beast, no justice, no peace
if any, even if we fuck up denny
niggas are sick of your white man tricks with no treat
that's right; now it's on, on sight
you call me a muslim, no, i'm not a resident
still got my vote in—farrakhan for president
of white america, i'm tearing ya a new asshole
who's the nigga with the new black
strolling to your suburb house and i douse
with gas, now who's cleaning up trash?
eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
motherfuck billboard and the editor; here comes the predator!


yo, i'm out, but i'll be back
yo, i'm out, but i'll be back
yo, i'm out, but i'll be back
yo, i'm out... (here comes the predator!)
(there's something' out there waiting for us)


got my black rag showing, and i'm hoin'; ira reiner
can kiss my grits like flo, on "mel's diner"
i'm meaner than a motherfucking hyena chasing antelope
put my chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a cantaloupe
i can't stand a rope, so don't try to hang 'em
talk about dogs; boy, i can slang 'em!
rat-a-tat-tat on your noggin
'cause ice'll cream your ass like häagen-dazs
chocolate, i get crazy when i catch wreck
even be flipping the tongue like da-diggity-dung das-efx
so who is ice cube? i'm a rapper, actor, macker
got a little problem with the redneck cracker, did the tallywacker
jerry heller is a devil shit-packer
coming with a crazy pitch
and the statue of liberty ain't nothing but a lazy bitch!
don't wanna give up the crack, to the black
but you'll call it racial, if we go and rape the hoe
but eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
motherfuck billboard and the editor; i am the predator!

