
i heard payback's a motherfucking nigga
that's why i'm sick of getting treated like a goddamn stepchild
fuck a punk, 'cause i ain't him
you gotta deal with the nine-double-m
the day is coming that you'll all hate
just think if niggas decide to retaliate
they try to keep me from running up
i never tell you to get down, it's all about coming up
so what they do, go and ban the ak?
my shit wasn't registered any fucking way
so you better duck away, run and hide out
when i'm rolling real slow and the lights out
'cause i'm about to fuck up the program
shooting out the window of a drop-top brougham
when i'm shooting, let's see who drop
the police, the media, and suckers that went pop?
and motherfuckers that say they too black
put 'em overseas, they be begging to come back
and say we promote gangs and drugs
you wanna sweep a nigga like me up under the rug
kicking shit called street knowledge
why more niggas in the pen' than in college?
because of that line, i might be your cellmate
that's from the nigga ya love to hate


(fuck you ice cube!)
yeah, haha! it’s the nigga you love to hate
(fuck you ice cube!)
(ay yo baby, your mother warned you about me)
it's the nigga you love to hate
(yo, you ain’t doin' nothin' positive!
yo, you ain’t doin' nothin 'positive for the brothers, what you gotta say for yourself?)
(you don't like how i'm living? well, fuck you)


once again it's on, the motherfucking psycho
ice cube the bitch-killer, cap-peeler
yo, running through the line like bo, there's no pot to piss in
i put my fist in
now, who do ya love to hate?
cause i talk shit and down the eight-ball 'cause i don't fake
you're begging i fall off
the crossover, might as well cut them balls off
and get your ass ready for the lenching
the mob is dropping common sense and
we'll gank in the pen', we'll shank
any tom, dick and hank, and get the ass spanked
it ain't about how right or wrong you live, but how long you live
i ain't with the bullshit
i meet mo' bitches, mo' hoes
don't wanna sleep, so i keep popping no-doz
and tell the young people what they gotta know
'cause i hate when niggas gotta live low
and if you're locked up i dedicate my stylin'
from san quentin to rikers island
we got 'em afraid of the funky shit
i like to clown so pump up the sound
in your jeep, make the old ladies say
"oh my god — brake, it's the nigga ya love to hate"


(fuck you ice cube)
yeah come on fool, it’s the nigga you love to hate
(fuck you ice cube)
yeah, what up, punk? it’s the nigga you love to hate

soul train done lost they soul
just call it train cause the bitches look like hoes
i see a lotta others damn
it almost look like the bandstand
you ask me: "did i like arsenio?"
about as much as the bicentennial
i don't give a fuck about dissing these fools
'cause they all scared of the ice cube
and what i say, what i portray and all that
and ain't even seen the gat
i don't wanna see no dancing
i'm sick of that shit -- listen to the hit
'cause yo if i look and see another brother
on the video trying to out-dance each other
i'ma tell t-bone to pass the bottle
and don't give me that shit about role model
it ain't wise to chastise and preach
just open the eyes of each
'cause laws are made to be broken up
what niggas need to do is start loc-ing up
and build mold and fold theyself into shape
of the nigga you love to hate