
one of these motherfuckers is different
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack


who's the mack? is it some brother in a big hat
thinking he can get any bitch with a good rap?
rolling in a fucked-up lincoln
leaning to the side so it looks like he's sinking
into that leopard interior
this nigga think every girl's inferior
to his tongue, get a dumb bitch sprung
as she's selling more butt and don't even get a cut of the money
his name is sonny and he know the play
and hope to god that he don't find a runaway
that's looking to become a star
he'll have your ass in and out of every car
with every ron and rick, sucking every john's dick
come short of the money, get your ass kicked
you don't like it but you still call him hunk
last night the nigga put yo' ass in the trunk
you wanna leave, but sonny started talking fast
and it make you wanna go and sell more ass
he's getting rich, you his bitch and it's like that
now ask yourself, who's the mack?


who's the mack? it is that fool that wanna pump the gas
give you a sad story and you give him cash?
he start macking and macking and you sucking
quick to say i'm down on my luck, and
you give a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way
then you see his sorry ass the next day
are you the one getting played like a sucka?
or do you say, "get a job, motherfucka"?
every day, the story gets better
he's wearing dirty pants and a funky-ass sweater
he claims he wants to get something to eat
but every day you find yourself getting beat
he get your money and he run across the street
don't look both ways 'cause he's in a daze
and almost get his ass hit for the crack
now ask yourself, who's the mack?


who's the mack? is it that nigga in the club
asking "have you ever been in a hot tub?"
i know the game, so i watch it unfold
when i see a boy pinned to your earlobe
he's talking shit and you crack a smile
when he tell you that he can go buck wild
for a girl like you and make it feel good
you know it's drama, but it sound real good
he started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging
the pussy so he can keep bragging
he say, "i'm 'a leave baby, can you go with me?"
you wanna do it but you feeling like a h-o-e
you grab his hand, you leave and it's over
cause the nigga ain't nothing but a rover
ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back
now ask yourself, who's the mack?


macking is the game and everybody's playing
and as long as you believe what they saying
consider them a m-a-c-k and with no delay
they are gonna get all the play
but when it comes to me, save the drama for your mama
it's ice cube and you know that i'm a
mack in my own right when it comes to rhyme and rap
cause all i do is kick facts
unlike iceberg slim
and all of them be claimin' be p-i-m-p
no, i'm not going out that way
i'm just a straight up n-i-double-g-a
next time, you get over on a fool
and you did the shit like real smooth
thank ice cube for giving up the facts
and ask yourself, "who's the mack?"


straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack