
supreme gangsta shit
we dream gangsta shit
yes
yes
yeah, what is it?
what is it? (doctor, is everything alright?)
yes, i'm straight, go to bed
yeah
yeah
it's alive!


it's pourin' rain, thunder and lightning
clash of the titans, i'm home writin'
gangsta rap has arrived, i'm the only man alive
october 31st, 1985
hard times just got harder
adolescent ice cube, the shit starter
a martyr, thanks to the father for bein' this mean
at sixteen, raps feel like the bitch scream
you learned about your triple beam from me
and stopped payin' for pussy and hit that ass for free
a little g never thought that i could change the world
with a attitude, a raider jacket and a jheri curl
got every girl wantin' to do me, screw me
"boyz-n-the-hood", the first rap, the first movie
ooh-wee, it's alive
so what you gon' do 24/7, three sixty-five?


dr. frankenstein
dr. frankenstein


the world had to bow to this new style
dial 9-1-1, makin' more money than the law allow
but fuck the police, they can get deez
now who was sayin' shit like that before me?
nobody, but everybody wanna take the star place
and be scarface in the car chase
illegitimate, counterfeit
even got white boys talkin' shit off the shit i invent
no-no, motherfuckers musta took a photo
tryin' to call my gangsta shit mafioso
but who ya usin'? fool, it ain't no solution
to the evolution of pimps and prostitution
i cuss, scandalous, i give a rush
to niggas who mind turn to mush, smokin' on brush
hush, i'm just a lush for this hen
chrome electroids connected to my pen
when blowin' motherfuckers ain't knowin' what we goin' through
spiritually, lyrically showin' you
they call me america's most-hated
gettin' liberated by this monster i created
dr. frankenstein


now how many times did a nigga have to warn ya?
you fuckin' up the formula (call the coroner)
it's outta hand 'cause sucker-ass niggas like you
try to pay the rent off my blueprint
new, sent to the industry
you thought my shit was biodegradable, uh-uh, it's unfadeable
unstoppable, runnin' through your suburbs
incredible thug words
we gets down, nigga, do the monster mash
and watch a nigga like me collect monster cash
'cause i'm sittin' with this bitch who got monster ass
keep 'em wonderin' how long the don will last
and never pass, and when i wanna butter the toast
can't no nigga see ice cube on no coast
so all you gotta do is focus
and see that i'm the fuckin' locest with this hocus pocus


dr. frankenstein
dr. frankenstein, uh

