
you can't roll a blunt to this one
you gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a j
you gotta puff a j on this one 
you already know what it's hittin' for
ma, i got whatever outside and you know what i'm sittin' on
50/50 venture with them s dots kickin' off
armadale poppin' now, only bring a nigga more
only thing missin' is a missus
you ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
got one chef, one maid, all i need is a partner
to play spades with the cards up, all trust
who else you gon' run with? the truth is us
only dudes movin' units - em, pimp juice and us,
it's the roc in here!
maybach outside, got rocks in ears
pj's on the runway, young got air
i don't land at an airport, i call it the clearport
therefore, i don't wanna hear more
back and forth about who's hot as young, holla!


sex-cuse me... damn!
you're so contagious, i can't take it
have my baby, let's just make it
i got my gaja 9-7 on right now
lady
you gotta puff a j to this one
can't roll a blunt up to this one, boy
you're so contagious, i can't take it
have my baby, let's just make it
excuse me; what's your name? ooh, oh (aoww!)
(you're so foxy, girl) 'cause i see some ladies tonight
that should be rollin' wit jay-z, jay-z
so hot to trot, lady, what's your name? ooh, oh
(you're so foxy, girl) 'cause i see some ladies tonight
that should be rollin' wit jay-z, jay-z
so hot to trot


everybody's like, "he's no item! please don't like him
he don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
now she don't like him, she never met him
groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
he don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
better them than me, she don't agree with him
she's mad at that, he's not havin' that
so those opposites attract like mag-a-nets
she sees more than the benz wagon, the friends taggin' along
with a flashy nigga braggin' on the song
she gets a glimpse of shawn and she likes that
he 2-ways her, so she writes back
smiley faces after all of her phrases
either she the one or i'm caught in the matrix
but fuck it, let the fishburne
red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon!


sex-cuse me, damn!
you gotta throw on your fine linens for this one
you're so contagious, i can't take it
have my baby, let's just make it
you might go, you mighta gotta go get you some scooby doo's
lady
gotta throw on ya scooby doo's; those are shoes by the way
you're so contagious, i can't take it
gotta throw on scooby doo's, hehehehe
have my baby, let's just make it
excuse me; what's your name? ooh, oh
(you're so foxy girl)
this for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy
so hot to trot, lady, what's your name? (woo!)
ooh, oh, you're so foxy, girl
so hot to trot


love let's go half on a son, i know my past ain't one
you can easily get past, but that chapter is done
...but i'm done readin' for now
remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
but ma you got a f'real f'serious role
i'm 'bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'bout to show you where the cheese, let you know i ain't playin'
but, before i jump out the window, what's your name?

