
uhh
and you don't stop
uh-uh, and you won't quit, uh-huh
it's roc-a-fella y'all
clueminati
yea


who got the gangsta gangsta shit?
we got the gangsta gangsta shit
who got the gangsta gangsta shit?
we got (?) the gangsta gangsta shit


i understand why y'all niggas mad at me
sitting around like damn, that could be me
all the cars and bitches livin' lavishly
but there's only one problem you ain't as bad as me
who could flip a record company from half a key?
and drop a gold album do the math with me
turn right around and go platinum, that would be
fuck it i lost count
why don't you tell me the amount?
since you gossip like groupies notice please
i never go broke my name got 2 g's
j-i-two g-a i flip that on the platinum and be on the next day
i be right there when your mics blow out
i was there when your lights when on and when you lights go out
i'm right there with the same ice to light up your house
just bright enough to see the gun 'fo i wipe you out
i'm the stuff niggas write about
jigga's a legend
jay-hova, end of the session
fuck with me now


who got the gangsta gangsta shit?
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (uh)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit?
we got the gangsta gangsta shit
who got the gangsta gangsta shit?
we got the gangsta gangsta shit
who got the gangsta gangsta shit?
we got the gangsta gangsta shit


we live from the 7-1-8
got my chick in dmv at this very second runnin' your plate
2 knocks on your door, one gun in your face
2 blocks of c-4, i put one in your safe
place the safe in the bath tub i got one prior
you better hope this money don't catch fire
you so soft, no mask no rope, one clip and i
let this nigga run around untied
i swear to god
you know the type that talk wild, but nigga's white cloud
soft as a baby's bottom, you know jay z spot him
haven't heard him in a while, and you know how come?
this little faggot in the corner dialing 911
snatched the phone, get a grip dog you 'posed to be thug
what you telling the cop huh? i'm taking your money and drugs
in the underworld we take care of beef ourself
and another thing yo we police ourself
either you follow the codes or you sell cocaine
this life will swallow you whole so get outta the game
go to church every sunday nigga and pray hard
drug dealer?, haha
don't quit your day job (yuh), fuck wit me


who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (clueminati nigga)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (that's right) (uh)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (lockdown)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (uh-huh, haha)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (roc-a-fella)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (you feel me now?) (uh)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (top dog)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit


who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (desert storm)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (new shit, hah) (uh)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (ron ?)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (what niggas)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (def jam)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (muhfuckers) (uh)
who got the gangsta gangsta shit? (preme nigga)
we got the gangsta gangsta shit (wha wha) (wha wha)
now fuck wit me


uh
my nigga chuck
clueminati (uh, uh-huh uh, uh, jigga, uh-huh)
you are not ready!
hahahaha
yea!