
uh-huh, uh-huh
g-geah, g-geah
roc-a-fella y'all
uh-huh uh-huh, jigga
timbaland shit, nine-eight, biatch!
say what, say what?
uh-huh, uh-huh, follow me, biatch!


motherfuckers wanna act loco
hit 'em with numerous shots with the fo'-fo'
faggots wanna talk to po-po's, smoke 'em like coco
fuck rap, coke by the boatload
fuck that, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed
left holes through some guy clothes
stop your bullshit, glock with the full clip
motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit
one shot could make a nigga do a full flip
see the nigga layin' shocked when the fool hit
oh, hey ma, how you? know niggas wanna buy you
but see, me? i wanna fuck for free like akinyele
take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly
if it's tight, get the k-y jelly
all night, get you wide up inside the telly
side to side 'til you say, "jay-z, you're too much for me."


(nigga, what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga, who?) recognize girl, jay to the z
(nigga, what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga, who?) recognize girl, jay to the z
(nigga, what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga, who?) recognize girl, jay to the z
(nigga, what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga, who?) recognize bitch, jay to the motherfuckin' z


got a condo with nothin' but condoms in it
the same place where the rhymes invented
so all i do is rap and sex—imagine how i stroke
see how i was flowin' on my last cassette?
rapid-fire like i'm blastin' a tec, never jam though
never get hot, never run out of ammo
niggas hatin' and shit 'cause i slayed your bitch
you know your favorite, i know it made you sick, and now you
actin' raw, but you never had war
don't know how to carry your ho, wanna marry your ho
now she's mad at me 'cause your majesty
just happened to be a pimp—what a tragedy!
she want us to end 'cause i fucked her friend
she gave me one more chance and i fucked her again
i seen her tears as she busted in
i said, "shit, there's a draft, shut the door, bitch, and come on in!"


(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize bitch, jay to the z
(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize girl, jay to the z
(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize girl, jay to the z
(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize bitch, jay to the motherfuckin' z


got a vendetta even though i been better
left him in the cold with a thin sweater
rap niggas on prozac get the bozack
niggas threw two at me, i threw four back, hold that
let the dough stack
way before biggs had the gold ac', dame had the lex black
motherfuckers wanna test that, stress that
and right where you're stressed at, where you rest at
i suggest that niggas invest in a vest
when i come through with the glock, jet-black
you niggas step back
i'm the best at, you know i ain't no apprentice to this
me and my niggas, we invented the shit
i came into the business with this
the originator, none greater, jaz-o, finish this shit!


better learn, jaz'll relax that, ever heard of me?
worldwide originator, say word to me
the population holla, "certainly"
i burn a nigga like a third degree
see me shine so bright
nigga, i'm my light, runnin' rulin' with rigor and vigor
nobody bigger than me and my nigga jigga
you fly-by-night, stop chirpin' b
heavyweight's light work for me
for the time in this motherfucker ain't nobody hurtin' me
what, cut your face in like surgery
who the fuck got a vs
fuckin' bm's on the road
when you had to be in bed at the pm
need the info, jaz on the c-n-n
forever touchin', my work is beginnin', you’re endin'
nigga, your style's no style, my style's hostile, c'mon
faggot nigga, down to take the gun home
the o-ri-gi-na-tor!
(can't fuck with it, can ya?!)


(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize bitch, jay to the z
(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize bitch, jay to the z
(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize bitch, jay to the z
(nigga what?) make you think you can fuck with me
(nigga who?) recognize bitch, jay to the motherfuckin' z

