
so what's it gon' be? women? whiskey? weed?
dope, coke, or all the guns you need, nigga
you could get them thangs for a lesser fee
yeah, and with the right amount of pressure
them thangs look free
i'm on my way now, desperate need of a lick indeed
believe i got a vick if it's a brick you need
my nigga, for sheez! right back at you
holla after you land we get it before you leave
is you for sure? them niggas out there still got cheese
'cause my niggas in the drop bounced back to slanging ozs
man, them niggas raping the town without breaking 'em down
them bastards making a killing, slanging half our buildings
for real, man, i'm on my last nine thousand
ain't got no money, i'm fighting cases with this ho money


and when the money get low and the hungriness show
niggas better get the fuck out the house
and when the money get low and the hungriness show
niggas better get the fuck out the house
and when the money get low and the hungriness show
niggas better get the fuck out the house


i caught a northwest flight to ny, on the buddy pass
sitting at the exit row, by the door
i got a hoopty from this doofy nigga around the way
i had the four-four under the rug, weekend ago
three hours, i landed in the city of dreams
with tall buildings, flooded with cabs and limousines
where the fuck is jay-z?
goddamn, traffic is getting on my nerve
i seen 'face by the curb


jigga, let's get this motherfucking cash, nigga
well, if it's a money thing
let's get this motherfucking money, man
and then i said to jigga
let's get this motherfucking cash, nigga
i got a dope house scoped out
an escape route? no doubt
let's hit the highway; load up, lock
let's do this shit! hold up, cops
you tripping! it's eight million stories in this naked motherfucker
yeah, and ten million undercovers
we gon' get this raw, we gon' kick in the door
they got guns in the couch, they got shit in the floor
niggas is gon' shit they drawers!
they got a bitch at the door
bullshit, heard that stupid shit before


and when the money get low and the hungriness show
niggas better get the fuck out the house
and when the money get low and the hungriness show
niggas better get the fuck out the house
and when the money get low and the hungriness show
niggas better get the fuck out the house


i hit the buzzer: "míra, manny!
let me up! it's joey, motherfucker!"
taking the steps up with only one thing on our minds
wipe this motherfucker clean, everybody gotta die
as the steps got closer, the voices got louder, you hear it?
death's approaching, we coming for that powder
then i knocked four times, i hit the ho with clear polish
well, she couldn't see shit, now what's it gonna be, bitch?