

kyambo "hip hop" joshua: he said he was only gonna make one album, so it was really like he put everything in and he had his whole life to make it. and the producers that worked with him were people that knew him for years, so he made like 10 or 20 songs with them before he even made the ones that were on reasonable doubt. at least the bulk of them, like clark kent and ski. they both had a lot of songs with jay so their whole sound had a chance to get refined. and by the time we finished it off with premier and a couple of other producers there was already a sound

dj premier: ski was a major part of reasonable doubt being that he was already around jay with original flavour so once his section of the album was placed, he to me is the root of it. i was the icing pretty much, so, to close it out. but you heard it once you popped it again and again, we talking cds and cassettes back then. cassettes are a huge part of our culture. we come from riding in cars and having a big radio, we used to having a big radio on our shoulder or down here to walk with, or having a ride with a big system. so i gear everything towards that, so that's my mentality even now, i love driving, i drive all the time, just to bang out and listen to dope music. reasonable doubt is one of those that will carry you to your destination and back.

memphis bleek: look where it took us. that album took us on tour with u2. it took us to africa to do water for life. bring clean water to villages that didn't have. that album got us able to do a 9/11 charity show to give back to families, after columbine, the spectrum is enormous. it took him to the white house, you can stop there.

jonathan mannion: so the first time i went to roc-a-fella offices, kind of ripped through the book, and you know jay was like this is dope, you know i went in to see dame and he was like "flip flip through the book" like two or three pages and he was like "alright cool, how much are you charging?" and i was like "oh man like i dunno, cover my expenses, let me do what i want to do, and execute my creative perfectly, and i'll do it for $300 less than the next lowest bid." and he looked at me crazy. what does that even mean? 300 less than the? what are you even talking about? it wasn't really about the money, that's what i told him, i just want to do it, i need this chance to set the pace, the ideas i have are crazy. that's when the album was originally called heir to the throne, and from there it switched to reasonable doubt the following day. i think ultimately it ended on being classic portraits, it really established him as this brooklyn, already established og. it's clean its sharp its styling. we wanted to create something that was lasting, that we could have taken on that day in 1996 or yesterday in 2016. when the title switched and it became reasonable doubt, it was like ok, he knew who he was and was really confident in the album, he's always been one to allow people to discover for themselves, cause he felt like when you discover it for yourself it becomes part of you and then you represent i harder because you decided to love it. "dead presidents" was the first i ever heard, and as soon as i heard it, with the two different versions, i was like he's out of here,  i fought so much harder to get the album because of that, even though i hadn't heard the rest of the album, which ends up being such an incredible complete thought.

ski: i was at this music conference, and nas had just dropped illmatic, and everybody was out there playing nas' album on the strip, and every car was going past playing "whose world is this" and i was like "yo this song is crazy!" so i just kept listening to the record and i was like damn when i get home i want to find something similar to that, that vibe, so i started digging, dropped the needle, found the 