
it ain't for everybody! (uhh)
welcome to hollywood, baby (take a picture)
uh-huh, you coming with? (let's not even talk about it)
let's do it (let's go) uh-huh


i see your jealousy as you watching (i see you watching me, baby)
you watching (it's all good)
it's kinda sexy to me how you watching (i love it)
you watching (uh-huh, come on)
i see your face (i see your face)
you wanna touch it (you wanna touch it)
come to my place (come to the crib)
and let's discuss it (let's chop it up)
tonight you'll be, a superstar
tonight you gonna be a superstar, baby
come let me sign you up (let's get into it)


ooh it's the lights
you blinded by the (action!)
you need that (hollywood!)
ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
ooh it's the lights
you blinded by the (satisfaction!)
you need that (hollywood)
ah, ah, ah, ah, come on


paparazzi spots me in the lobby of my high-rise
i hide behind my shades cause the fame is blinding my eyes
my god, i know how ozzie oz
once had felt when he was as high as i have got
i have got to make this stop
people often warn me that the fame ain't for the faint of heart
it'll change those who said they had love for you into strangers
when your fame starts, it's a chain reaction
locomotion like when the train departs
stranger, things have happened
rapping, stacking, platinum plaquin'
born in brooklyn, got a place in manhattan
going back to brooklyn to escape the madness
when your friends is, chris and gwyneth
when your girl is more famous than you then it's
time to get all your windows tinted
keep your eyes squinted, it's gon' flash any minute
the music biz is like musical chairs
it's about where you standing when the music stop spinning


ooh it's the lights
you blinded by the (action!)
you need that (hollywood!)
ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
ooh it's the lights
you blinded by the (satisfaction!)
you need that (hollywood)
ah, ah, ah, ah, come on


you got to get it (oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh)
do you want it? (oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh)
but you don't need it (oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh)
what do you do? oh oh oh oh
now that you got what you want
what do you do? oh oh oh, hey
oh you want more?


hey mister, pay six-a, a list-a, you're in the mist of
the ride of your life but you gotta keep them hits up
can't put your guard down, gotta keep your mitts up
take a sip, sir, it's so intoxicating, ain't it?
try not to get jaded, hollywood's been good to ya
startin' feel like buzz to ya, don't lie
gon' fly, you addicted to the lights
without the fame how you gon' survive
it's like living on heroin, you so high


and everybody warning you about it (i tried to told you)
and once you taste, you can't live without it (it's addictive)
not cause you choose to not live without it
you sure you want this, baby?
it's now a part of you, it's now a part of you (it's a part of you)
and everybody warning you about it
i see you changed, i see you blinded
and once you taste you can't live


ooh it's the lights
you blinded by the (action!)
you need that (hollywood!)
ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
ooh it's the lights
you blinded by the (satisfaction!)
you need that (hollywood)
ah, ah, ah, ah, come on


wanna be seen, male groupies
now you've become what you once despised
james dean, john belushi
blow your whole life tryna live in the lights
heroins following marilyn
hoppin' over the edge just like janis joplin
river phoenix, jimi hendrix
jimmy morrison, all of them ended by
hollywood, thank god for hollywood
hollywood, sure you want this baby?


hollywood
it's the most addicted drug in the world
want the fame? you want the lights?
hahaha