
woke up this morning (uh-oh!)
got yourself—yourself—yourself—yourself
chyeah


i got myself a gun
uh-oh! geah, geah
yeah, i got myself a gun
brooklyn, stand up
i got myself a gun


but really, i don't need the heat (nah)
your heart pump project kool-aid, you're sweet (nigga)
i don't gotta two-way, you gays
this is not beef, this is rap, homie; i don't have a scratch on me
you feel jay soft, rip jay off
damn, i'm only worth over a hundred million
look, i got beef with, like, a hundred children
niggas with pink suits (faggot) tryna get cute (ha)
you a little out of line homie, don't let the nine, homie
put you out your mind, homie, just rhyme, homie
kick your little lies, i kick my real facts
like you sneaking out the back of that source soundlab, ha (pew!)
we wasn't chasing you (nah), we had a taping, too
we came through to do our one-two thing (check, what's up)
it wasn't a roc-a-fella come-through thing
'cause if it was on like that, i would come through queens
with queens niggas—you know how i do
look, i got more shooters in queensbridge than you (tah)
niggas'll tie you up on the colosseum roof
and open beer bottles off the boy chipped tooth (ping!)
look here


i got myself a gun
uh-oh! uh-huh, ugh, ugh, geah
yeah, i got myself a gun


listen, i'm the j, the a, to the fuck-this-broad (oh)
this nigga never sold aspirin—how you escobar?
had to buy your chain back last time you got robbed (goddamn)
the nerve of this coward nigga, oh my god
and i don't rap rumors or innuendos
i bring it to you live, lift up your window
let the public peek in, see your dirty laundry
y'all don't want me to continue, ho!


super ugly (nigga!)
i don't give a fuck


me and the boy a.i. got more in common
than just balling and rhyming—get it? more in carmen
i came in your bentley backseat (damn)
skeeted in your jeep (woo)
left condoms on your baby-seat (woo)
here, nigga—the gloves is off, the love is done
it's whatever, whenever, however, nigga (one!)
and since you infatuated with saying that gay shit: (faggot)
bitch, you was kissing my dick when you was kissing that bitch! (oh)
nasty shit, you thought i was boning renette
you calling carm' a hundred times, i was boning her neck
you got a baby by the broad, you can't disown her yet
when does your lies end? when does the truth begin?
when does reality set in, or does it not matter?
gotta hurt: i'm your baby mama's favorite rapper (haha)
and ask your current girl, she know what's up
holla at a real nigga! jigga! (i don't give a fuck!)

