
woo, woo, woo, woo
i am back, niggas
ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha (uh-oh, uh-oh, woo, woo)
ladies and gentlemen, h to the izz-o (h to the izz-o)
i wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase
we surely appreciate it (woo)
what you about to witness is my thoughts (just my thoughts, man)
right or wrong
just what i was feelin' at the time (uh)
you ever felt like this, vibe with me (walk with a nigga, man)
just vibe with me
yo


gather 'round, hustlers, that's if you still livin'
and get on down to that ol' jig rhythm
here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison
a ribbon in the sky, keep your head high
i, young 'vito, voice of the young people
mouthpiece for hustlers, i'm back, motherfuckers
your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns
y'all can't fuck with hov, what type of x y'all on?
i got great lawyers for cops, so dress warm
charges don't stick to dude, he's teflon
i'm too sexy for jail like i'm right said fred
i'm not guilty, now give me back my bread
mr. district attorney, i'm not sure if they told you
i'm on tv every day, where the fuck could i go to?
plus - hov don't run, hov stand and fight
hov a soldier, hov been fightin' all his life so
what could you do to me? it's not new to me
sue me? fuck you, what's a couple dollars to me?
but you will respect me, simple as that
or i got no problem goin' back
i'm representin' for the seat where rosa parks sat
where malcolm x was shot, where martin luther was popped (come on)
so off we go, let the trumpets blow
and hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
the ruler's back


i am back, niggas
yeah, yeah, yeah
turn the motherfuckin' music up (the ruler is back)
i am back, niggas
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah


well, in these times, well, at least to me
there's a lot of rappers out there tryin' to sound like jay-z
i'll help you out, here's what you do
you gonna need a wide lens 'cause that's a ver' big shoe
and you got a couple of beans and you don't have a clue?
your situation is bleek, i'ma keep it real 'cause
fuckin' with me, you gotta drop a mil'
'cause if you gonna cop somethin', you gotta cop for real
don't only talk it, walk like it, from the bricks to the booth
i could predict the future like cleo the psychic
you can't date skeeos and wife it (uh-uh)
and you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices
so what your life is?
we gon' roll 'til the wheels fall off, y'all motherfuckers check the tires
off we go, let the trumpets blow
and hold on, because the driver of that bentley is a pro


the ruler's back
i am back, niggas
feels good, ha
pah, holla at me
the ruler's back
yeah, woo
yeah, yeah, yeah


now bounce, come on, bounce
uh (woo, woo)
bounce, come on, bounce
uh, uh, yeah, yeah
bounce, come on, bounce
uh, yeah, just my thoughts, ladies and gentlemen
just what i'm feelin' at the time, you know what i mean?
you know what i mean?