
put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya
am i frightenin' ya? shall i continue?
i put the gun to ya, i let it sing you a song
i let it hum to ya, the other one sing along
now it's a duet and you wet when you check out
the technique from the two tecs and i don't need two lips
to blow this like a trumpet, you dumb shit
this is a unusual musical, i conduct it
you lookin' at the black warren buffett
so all critics can duck sick
i don't care if you c. delores tuck-it
or you bill o'reilly, you only rilin' me up
for three years, they had me peein' out of a cup
now they 'bout to free me up, what you think i'm gon' be, what?
rehabilitated? man, i still feel hatred
i'm young, black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but
you'll never have me like christina aguiler-y
but catch me down the westside, drivin' like halle berry
or the fdr, in the seat of my car
screamin' out the sunroof, "death to y'all"
you can't kill me, i live forever through these bars
i put the wolves on ya, i put a price on your head
the whole hood'll want ya, you startin' to look like bread
i send them boys at ya, i ain't talkin' 'bout feds
nigga, them body-snatchers, nigga, you heard what i said


i make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
put your smarts on the side of your garment
nigga, stop fuckin' with me
r... i... p...


grown man, i put hands on you
i dig a hole in the desert, then build the sands on you
lay out blueprint plans on you
we rat pack niggas, let sam tap dance on you
then i sinatra, shot ya, goddamn you
i put the boy in the box like david blaine
let the audience watch, it ain't a thang
y'all wish i was frontin', i george bush the button
for the oil in your car, lift up your hood, nigga run it
then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it
your boy got the goods, y'all don't want nothin' of it
like, castor oil, i'll castor troy you
change your face or the bullets change all that for you
y'all niggas is targets, y'all garages for bullets
please don't make me park it in your upper level
valet a couple strays from the .38 special, nigga, god bless you


i make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
put your smarts on the side of your garment
nigga, stop fuckin' with me
r... i... p...


when the gun's tucked, untucked, nigga, you dies
like nunchuks held by the jet l-i
i'm the one, thus meaning, no one must try
no two, no three, no four—know why?
because one's four-five might blow yo' high
you ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' god
it's a match made in heaven when i—
i make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
put your smarts on the side of your garment
nigga, stop fuckin' with me
r... i... p...

