
bad boys
(puff, what up nigga?)
(let's go half on a boat!)
come out and play
you know we had to do a remix, right?
(me too, uh, young!)


you niggas is ass, i put your ass in a bad play
this ain't no fair one, get rid of you the fast way
ski mask way, pull hammers from the coat
this ain't no handgun, this shit'll sink a boat
(what boat?)
any one in the atlantic, the s.s. minnow, the titanic
send a distress signal like poof
red flares in the air don't matter to me
send the army, coast guard, the whole faculty
i see and i raise you one, i raise guns like bebe's kids
the bad boy but no i'm not janice's, i'm gloria's warrior
when i flash the tool, leave you stiff like photographers
y'all don't got heart for this art of war
my arsenal is more awesome than yours
when hov' in the building, niggas lost from the door
from the front porch 'cause i have no flaws


y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
i put this little red laser in your ear


no rap, you rat, you wack, you bore me
i wanna end your career but you gon' do it for me
i'm, one of the greats
you know young demand 'bout a hundred out the gate
for a flyer with my face (woo!)
i'm like mariah with the cake
lord knows 'bout to retire with ma$e
all my broads look like mýa in the waist
all over the country like shania in the face
i brought the pliers to the place
to apply pressure, i don't know how you gon' take
niggas acting like they flying with a cape
'til i bring 'em to earth then they hiring the jake
monkeys can't look the lion in the face
the king of the jungle, nigga, did i mumble?


y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
i put this little red laser in your ear
i'm saying this slow so you clear
i put this little red laser in your ear


(is he?) uh, i'm dead serious
save them games you play for lil' vicious
i bust a deuce-deuce in your bubble goose
god damn, brooklyn to hollywood, i'm so good
the roc denim jeans, uh!
s dots in green, the red roc chain
you gotta love it how he does it (how he do it?)
how i hustle a dollar then i double it
y'all ain't fucking with my déjà vu
y'all can't double down the way i do
nigga, the blueprint 2, i move three
y'all can't move me from the number one spot
run the numbers on s dot


y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
i put this little red laser in your ear
i'm saying this slow so you clear
i put this little red laser in your ear, geah