
picture, if you will, that the throne's burning
rome's burning, and i'm sitting in the corner all alone, burning
why does it always end up like this?
something that we don't determine
same people that i fought for, that i fight for, that i ride for
that i live for, that i die for
be the reason that these niggas is alive for
and they want me dead, but i'm sorry, but i just can't die for you
but i can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you
we waiting for the fireworks like july 4th
get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
when the grief is over, beef is over
i'll be fly when easter's over
i tried to teach niggas how to be kings
and all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
so when love is gone 'til blood is drawn
'cause we no longer wear the same uniform
fuck you, squares, the circle got smaller
the castle got bigger, the walls got taller
and truth be told, after all that said
niggas still got love for you


showed love to you niggas
you ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
i picked up the pieces 'fore you swept on it
goddamn, this shit leaves a mess, don't it?
shit feelin' like death, don't it?
charge it to the game, whatever's left on it
i spent about a minute, maybe less on it
fly, pelican, fly, turn the jets on it
but first i shall digress on it
wasn't i a good king?
maybe too much of a good thing, huh?
didn't i spoil you? me or the money, what you loyal to?
huh, i gave you my loyalty
made you royalty and royalties
took care of these niggas' lawyer fees
and this is how niggas rewarded me, damn


bussin' at me, b-b-b-bussin' at me
but i'm bulletproof, bitch, you can't get nothin' past me
got body armor
a nigga gotta watch the throne
and i'm bussin' back
so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
what do you do when the love turn to hate?
gotta separate from these fuckin' fakes
caesar didn't see it, so he ceased to exist
so the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
am i my brother's keeper?
only if that nigga don't creep up
got a pistol under my pillow
i've never been a deep sleeper
p-p-p-paranoia, 'cause the nigga that said he'll
blast for ya is now blastin' for ya
that's an assassin for ya
these niggas got a shot, they'll shoot
please lord, forgive him
for these niggas not know what they do, ooh