
christion.. listen
uhh, jigga
how easy is that?


lame mad 'cause the game that i, spat at his chick
so i had to double back quick, and clap at his click
soon as the smoke cleared, i got back in his *bitch*
tell that man son, i ain't your ave-rage
my-rap-is-as-sick-as-it-gets
all the while, hand my hand on her, ass and hips
told her, "let's get gone, listen to christión"
play full of smoke, take small pulls to choke
she almost overdosed, how them cats hold their notes
know that the flow's no joke, mine strictly fold dough
and since you over age, and, i'm overpaid
we can play in the rover 'til the verse is over.. jay


(bring back your love) bring back your love babe
for the color y'all (bring back your love) funk dat
bring back your love
(bring back your love) geyeah
bring back your love babe
right, for the color y'all (bring back your love) uh
bring back your love (two, three)
turn that up.. uh-huh


i... uhh, think of you
late at night (uh-huh), love that's all i do
tell me why (uh-huh, jigga, uh-huh) do you have to leave?
love me lady (uh), c'mon (uh), bring it back to meee..


for the color (bring back your love) yeah
bring back your love bab-ay
(bring back your love) yeah
begging you bring it back to meee
(bring back your love) uh-huh, who you wit
uh-huh, baby come on back
(bring back your love) oh yeah
bring back your love
yeah, yeah, pause.. who you wit


uh, uh, uh (bring back your love) yeah
do you wanna hear me beg, baby?
uh-huh uh uh (bring back your love)
i said please, pleasse, please!
listen (bring back your love) you hear me?
don't you wanna come back home to me?
listen (bring back your love) feel this, yeah
bring back your lovin' baby
uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh (bring back your love)
every time i close my eyes, i, think, bout you, babe
uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh (bring back your love) right
baby since you said goodbye, it's all i do
listen! (bring back your love) funk dat
baby i just can't go on like this
funk dat (bring back your love) uhh
i miss your kiss baby
funk dat (bring back your love) uhh
bring back your love
uh-huh (bring back your love)
come back, come back


yeah (bring back your love)
i mean don't, don't hate, congratulate
it's all good though (bring back your love)
roc-a-fella incorporated, you know?
enterprise baby, enterprise -- feel that?
listen! uh-huh, uh-huh-uh
christión, jigga, how easy is that?
yea!