
hello, brooklyn (uh-huh), how you doing? (yeah)
where you going? can i come too? (uh-huh)
and if i can (woo!), i'ma be your man
you could be my lady, and have my baby
and drive my cars (cars), and drive me crazy (so crazy)
wherever you going (where you going?), baby girl, just take me (uh-huh)
'cause i'm so taken, if you taken (i'm so taken)
i'm just saying (woo!), baby, i'm just saying


like a mama, you birth me; brooklyn, you nursed me
schooled me with hard knocks, better than berkeley
they said you'd murk me by the time i was 21
that shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
hello, brooklyn, if we had a daughter
guess what i'ma call her? brooklyn carter
when i left you for virginia, it didn't offend you
'cause you know i only stepped out to get dinner
and i'm eating, so much, i bought extra
so much so that dinner's now turned into breakfast
i only roll lexus to hug your road
i love your corners, i'm half your soul


hello, brooklyn, how you doing?
where you going? can i come too?
and if i can, i'ma be your man
you could be my lady and have my baby
and drive my cars, and drive me crazy
wherever you going, baby girl, just take me
'cause i'm so taken if you taken
i'm just saying, baby, i'm just saying


and "hello, brooklyn!" buh-baby, you are
the sweetest sight eyes could see
i said, "hello, brooklyn!" buh-baby
i hope you never say goodbye to me
i said, "hello, brooklyn!" buh-buh-baby, you are (woo!)
so damn fine to me
and i remember the time (time), place (place)
and the weather (and, woo!)
on the day you said, "hi," to me
and i say, "hello, brooklyn!"


brooklyn, you crazy; look how you made me
razor blades in my mouth, walking 'round, behaving—
all demented; black hoodies and timberland-ed
always scheming—"you see the gleam on that nigga's pendant?"
(hello, brooklyn) you bad influence, look what you had me doing
but i ain't mad at you (haha), look at my attitude
it says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
baby, i'm cold as ice, like i'm from brownsville
but my bed's in the stuy, though i'll lie flat in your bush
'til we smoke a c.i., "what up" to the boy, b.i.?
you know i handle b-i, i don't half-step on the 'caine
ask the dreads 'bout i, how you gwaan 'so?
she like it hardcore, so i grind slow
iller than albee square mall back in the 9-0
my fine ho, we got some victims to catch
so in a couple years, baby, i'ma bring you some nets (woo!)

