
i remove your roof nigga let the sun shine in
thirty-eight waist, enough to put one nine in
really a thirty-six without the gun i'm thin
but when the gat is tucked, i'm fat as fuck
ignorant bastard, i'm takin' it back to day one
no kids, but trust me i know how to raise a gun
for niggas that think i spend my days in the sun
well here's the shock of your life, the glock not the mic
homie i'm not into hype; trust me, i'm still street
you still fuckin' up then trust me i still creep
yeah i know the platinum chain be lookin' real sweet
but reach and i bury niggas sixty feet deep
s dot carter turn rappers into martyrs
separate fathers from their daughters, why bother
i'm a crook like you, i took like you
i disobeyed the law, threw out the book like you
how dare you look at jigga like i'm shook like who
i keep the fifth with me nigga, come and get me..


come and get me!
{*gong sounds*} ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-come..
{*bell rings*} come and get me! ka-ka-ka-come and get me! ..
{*bell rings*} come and get me! ka-ka-ka..
{*bell rings*} .. ka-ka-ka-ka-come
{*bell rings*} .. come and get me come and get me


yo, the summer's 'bout to get hot
niggas home from jail and they plottin'
heard about the watch, the bentley hard-top
the continental t, got 'em resentin' me
god i work hard, please don't envy me
i paid the cost to be the boss to floss this hard
i can recall a year ago i almost lost this job
all y'all remember is the part about me parkin' the hard
what about all them days i was walkin' my dogs
barkin' at broads, but they never hollered back
and if they did all they said was, "where them dollars at?"
imagine, bein' skinny growin' up around brolic cats
the quiet assassin demeanor of them college cats
until i got a gat and loudly start poppin' back
round the way, niggas called me bobby boucher
now all i hear is whispers of what you gon' do to jay
how y'all gon' stick me up, take my jewels away
pull out your gat, car jack me, take my cruise away
well i got news for y'all fools today, hey..


i got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
y'all wanna rob the kid? come and get me nigga
i won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
i worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
i got, shots to give, come and get me...
come and get me...


i made it so, you could say marcy and it was all good
i ain't crossover i brought the suburbs to the hood
made 'em relate to your struggle, told 'em 'bout your hustle
went on mtv with durags, i made them love you
you know normally them people wouldn't be fuckin' witchu
'til i made 'em understand why you do what you do
i expected to hear, "jay, if it wasn't for you.."
but instead, all i hear is buzzin' in your crew
how y'all schemin', tryin' to get accustomed to my moves
so y'all could tape my mouth, stake out my house
but i got pride i'm a nigga first
i gotta cock back and pull the trigger first
that's how jigga work
the funny thing; i represent y'all every time i spit a verse
and that's the shit that hurts
but hey, i got my mind right, got my nine right here
so when y'all feel that the time is right..


i got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
y'all wanna rob the kid? come and get me nigga
i won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
i worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
i got, shots to give, come and get me...
come and get me...


ayo yo, ayo yo
it's only fair that i warn ya, rap's my new hustle
i'm treatin' it like the corner, fuck with me if you wanna
my game change but my mind-frame remains the same
i gotta protect what's mine
shit i started from nothin'; zero, zip
i made my way hustlin', i don't owe niggas shit
i'm paranoid now, so i keep the gun gripped
cats i played skelly with? niggas done flipped
i keep a banger in the ankle, one in the hip
two in the stash, one come up when i shift
i keep one under the chair where i sit
i even got a gun in the hair in the bun of my bitch
ask biggs; every time he'd come to my crib
he'd find another gun that i hid
i'm ready to make this one of the, hottest summer there is
everyday like a hundred-and-six... shit...


i got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
y'all wanna rob the kid? come and get me nigga
i won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
i worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
i got, shots to give, come and get me...
come and get me...
i got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
y'all wanna rob the kid? come and get me nigga
i won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
i worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
i got, shots to give, come and get me...
come and get me...


motherfuckers!