
roc-a-fella
y'all know what this is
we giving y'all five seconds to put your drink down and report to the dance floor immediately
all the busters: we giving y'all five seconds to get close to a exit
it's about to get real ugly in here
five seconds is up
let's go!


(throw they hands up) ugh, ugh, ugh
(throw they hands up) niggas
(throw they hands up) bitches
(throw they hands up) busters
(throw they hands up) hustlers
(throw they hands up) hoes
(throw they hands up) boasters
(throw they hands up) mack!


you know how mack come through on the club tip
e'erybody real deep on that thug shit (uh-huh)
cop cris', spray the club, on that thug shit (uh-huh)
cop frisks suits, snub in the club quick (uh-huh)
told y'all real high (when i come through) (ugh, ugh)
you can try (if you want to)
you can die (if you want to)
we hitting whores on the floor, whole crew be wild (yeah)
bitch, "back that ass up," like juvenile (huh)
when my peeps come to spend, a dime apiece (uh-huh, ugh)
you know mack come through with a line of freaks (ugh)
every bitch on the hip be a nine at least (uh-huh)
we gettin' head on the floor, while you grindin' freaks
whole squad get it down like this (ugh)
whole squad buyin' rounds of cris' (hands up, hands)
whole squad got they crowns on wrist
whole squad got a pound to twist (ugh)
whole squad got a pound to spit
'case a clown wanna flip (buck, buck, buck)
mack never slip in the club (yeah)
told y'all niggas, four-fif' in the club (buck)
if a nigga wanna draw (ugh), then, the blood, it can drip in the club (yeah)
you know how niggas get in the club (huh)
shit you know how i be, all high in v-i-p
rollin' up to b.i.g. ("baby!")
niggas be all liquored up, talkin' shit
'til they man gotta come and pick 'em up (uh-huh)
got bitches in the back, bouncing to "jigga what"
you got your hands up and i ain't even stick y'all up


12 a.m., on my way to the club (ugh)
1 a.m., dj made it erupt (throw they hands up, uh-huh)
2 a.m., now i'm gettin' with her (throw they hands up, what up?)
3 a.m., now i'm splittin' with her (splittin' with who?)
4 a.m., at the waffle house (throw they hands up, waffle house)
5 a.m., now we at my house (throw they hands up, ugh)
6 a.m., i be diggin' her out (throw they hands up, who?)
6:15, i be kickin' her out (what?)
7 a.m., i'ma call my friends (throw they hands up, uh-huh)
12 a.m., we gon' do it again (throw they hands up, ugh)
we gon', we gon', we gon' do it again, let's go (by the way, yo)


how the fuck you gon' talk about emcees on our heel?
when we just cop them things, homie, the chrome-y wheels
both arms is chunky, the sleeves on chill
any given times, a hundred g's in your grill
don't talk to me 'bout emcees got skills
he's all right, but he's not real,
jay-z's that deal, with sigs in the field
love affair for war—hug, squeeze that steel
fuck—you got a flow? that's cool with me
you got a little dough? that's cool with me
you got a little cars, little jewelries
but none of y'all muh'fuckers could fool with me
you know the wrist frostbit minus two degrees
'bout as blue as the sea, the way i maneuver the v
hat cocked, can't see his eyes—who could it be?
with that new, blue yankee on—who but me?
niggas shipped two million, then i blew the three
then i skated the four 'fore i went on tour
i came back and it's plain: y'all niggas ain't rappin' the same
fuck the flow—y'all jackin' our slang
i seen the same shit happen to kane
three cuts in your eyebrows, tryna wild out
the game is ours—we'll never foul out
y'all just better hope we gracefully bow out
throw your hands up—niggas, bitches, busters
hustlers, fuck that! (throw they hands up) c'mon!


12 a.m., on the way to the club (throw they hands up,uh huh)
1 a.m., 'bout to shake the butt (throw they hands up, ugh, 'bout to shake the butt)
2 a.m., now i'm checkin' the mink (ah, yeah, hot-ass bitch)
3 a.m., now he buyin' me drinks (what you drinkin' on?)
4 a.m., exit the club (throw they hands up, let's go)
5 a.m., think he gettin' some butt (throw they hands up,that's right)
6 a.m., nigga still ain't bust (what?)
6:15, nigga, we'll get up (throw they hands up, ugh, i'm out)
7 a.m. gotta tell my friends (throw they hands up, uh-huh)
12 a.m., i'ma do it again
ugh, ugh, i'ma do it again
12 a.m., we gon' do it again


12 a.m., on my way to the club
1 a.m., dj made it erupt
2 a.m., now i'm gettin' with her
3 a.m., now i'm splittin' with her
4 a.m., at the waffle house
5 a.m., now we at my house
6 a.m., i be diggin' her out
6:15, i be kickin' her out
7 a.m., i'ma call my friends
12 a.m., we gon' do it again
we gon', we gon' (uh-huh, uh-huh-ugh)
we gon' do it again
let's go

