
one lil punk ass buck?
that’s it nigga? (laughing)
that’s ballin'?
i guess men lie, women lie
but numbers don’t
it's over for that ballin’
it's my turn
brooklyn!


we fly high, no lie, you know this (brooklyn!)
foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (it's my turn)
we stay fly, no lie, you know this (brooklyn!)
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused


brooklyn get paper, tote big things
we chase niggas around they own ball game
ball game nigga, it's over for you lames
gimme back the chain, it's over for you dames
fuck y'all broads
didn’t they ever tell you don’t fuck with a man’s family they'll fuck with y'all's?
kidnap mine?
nigga i will click-clack push your wig back further than tyra banks' hairline
your bank versus mine
if you're ballin’, nigga what i’m doing can’t be defined
the joneses can’t keep up
maybe my nigga nas, but i got stronger after ether


we fly high, no lie, you know this (brooklyn!)
foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (it's my turn)
we stay fly, no lie, you know this (brooklyn!)
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused


bed stuy, brownsville, ci
the best in the game since daddy kane and b.i
my turn, we live, money to burn, nigga we on fire
g-5'er, ace of spade
make it real easy to book your babe
i’m running a boston on these niggas
i’m watching ya soundscan you keep reniggin'
i’m trump-tight, i'm trump-like
i’m on my way to a billi, i play my cards nice
niggas like "hov, ya sound too rich!"
i'm like "oh! ain't that about a bitch?"
ain't that we here for? therefore
i sound like i'm supposed to sound, meet me at the clearport
i’m ballin’ for real, you pump faking it
manhattan keep on making it, brooklyn keep on taking it! yeah!


we fly high, no lie, you know this (brooklyn!)
foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (it's my turn)
we stay fly, no lie, you know this (brooklyn!)
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused


yeahh! shoutout to all my real niggas in harlem
145th & all that
all the dominicans, og juan, lower eastside tru-life
this ain't about boroughs, this is about niggas and bitches
it's game time, hehe
it's my turn
let the games begin
young!