]
previously
how the hell you gonna tell that man not to be violent?
'cause he don't need to go the same route that i went
been there, done that
aw, fuck it, what am i sayin'?
shoot 'em both, brady, where's your gun at? *gunshots*

]
now kill yourself
why'd you say that?
'cause that's the american way plus it was fun
man, you a damn jack-
-ass i know everyone wanna make me the scapegoat
like your the greatest of all time
fuck you
asshole
let's stop the bickering
that's the last time you see me ignorant
so you can kill the thrills of thinking we're not different
yeah, yeah, you're embarrassed aren't you?
couldn't control your arsenal
maybe the next time i'm persuading you, jump in the car pool
so what's your answer?
man you must have 
"meet g malone, a west coast recording artist that's destined for stardom, but acknowledging the false hopes that lie within the music industry, he ponders the thought of going back to drug distribution. feeling unsure of this decision (dj rock star
exclusive)..."

]
hey g, remember me?
it's yo' conscience
you know, the voice in yo head that never had fed your nonsense?
i know your getting famous and rather lifestyle is changing
but tell the truth
the music biz isn't what it seems, ain't it?
don't listen to em g
keep putting watts on the map
fuck that
you been gettin' money way before rap
i say you go back hustlin'
gather some sherm, pack, and a black magnum
through wyatt's mad dog and a pit bull if it watched
stop, no need to be moving backwards
besides, your future brighter than half of these rappers
so what's the point of going back to the drug side?
'cuz everybody knows that g's certified
what the fuck, you dumb as fuck
oh, what, you jealous fool?
cuz i know malone, keke loc', and his brother pool
plus the seventh street-
man you ain't nothin' but bad bitch
aye, malone, if your with it lemme get an ad-lib (yeah)


"meet jay rock, former quote unquote 'menace to society', now warner brothers recording artist dealing with the sudden uncertainties of even having his first official single released. he finds himself struggling, daily to overcome the temptations triggering his old criminal ways.  at this moment, his conscience comes into play..."

]
watt's finest
i told g he wit it
he said he bout to go ot
forget it
i won't let you fuck up watt's career
woah, calm down
somebody's getting sensitive here
you fucking right because you know jay rock is my favorite
man you got a song with lil wayne and still ain't made it
plus you just had a baby
so i know that shit is stressin'
know how much pampers cost ya
we live in a recession
i suggest you rob tomorrow
whatever in sight, whatever you like
and if that bitch resists tell that bitch goodnight
like that's gon' make a difference
i know it will
what, prison?
i'm just sayin' what he like to do best
what?
stealin', robbin', jacking guys for nice cars
like the nigga did in 17
did you say nigga?
it was a joke you know what i mean
i mean, i hope you know what i mean
why you mad?
you're acting mean
i mean, you said the same thing earlier
what the fuck you worried for?
i thought we was a team man
you trippin' man
you glitchin'
you don't get it
you was right
you are different
you fuckin' right
why the hells you gotta fuck with the future of watts?
okay, okay
lets see the choice he makes before his album drops *static*