
these streets is jurassic, cowards get asthmatic
astronauts hover throughout the atmosphere, that the ghetto burb
pull up on the curb (what's up homie!), smoke a nigga then dip
it's the immaculate, verbal assassin, strangle your perfect etiquette to an accent
this is jesus of nazareth
spittin' gold policies to a world unknown
in a cherry low-low with four zones of weed, no sticks no seeds
prestigious when i post safe through fifty states, beneath the speed
can corral the largest crowds, mosh pit with a big dick
screaming bitches ain't shit, she gobble gobble for hours i jumped in the shower
i dismantle, devour, hardest emcees softer than clam chowder
no challengers can compete, they're childish and weak, detrimental
hazardous hazard to instrumentals, intertwined with god and frankenstein
i'm kurupted!

i'm kurupted!


gimme a hundred g's for every emcee i drop to their knees
verbically useless, oh you got the juice? i'll squeeze you juiceless
catch you, hang you from many nooses
been the truth since, snoop and the pound was fuckin' over ruthless
young and i'm ruthless, twenty-one with twenty-one guns, shottys thats looted from pac, lyrical cyclops
lazer-in 'em on paper and fraudulent friends, bitch you's a bitch in disguise and bitches get ten
bullets to their midsection, mr. lethal injection in a regal higher than church steeples, i swear to god
count your lyrics in a jar, i'mma pterodactyl tearin' ya squad, like pardon me in terrance martin in aston martin
cannibal co-existing with the coldest, that means i'm the sickest, and theraflu won't do
whenever i'm kicking the wickedness, explosive, syntagmatic, smokin' like the barrel of this tech aimin' at ya' neck
i'm kurupted!

i'm kurupted!


(look homie) i'm from c-o-mp-to-any nigga can get it, the little homie strapped and he with it
at the avalanche swap-meet (what's up fool!)
blunt longer than rosecrans, i'll grab the devil then slow dance
practice trigonometry, practice my aim on rooftops eating pastrami sandwiches, you are counterfeit
worthless beats and verses surfaced. west coast with a big scope kill all y'all it's top dawg, tde, cpt
quick to tell a bitch jump on my dick a.s.a.p
complete havoc, compulsive disorder, rhyme addict -- slaughter
house is full of joey, joells and royces for ya'
live from the area code of three-one-oh
laughin' all the way to the bank with three elmos
three six-fo's, one bottle of goose, i'm the truth, you could put your hand on the bible and shoot
i'm kurupted!


see a lot of y'all get real disrespectful, real comfortable, not recognizin' ya' legends
west coast legends, young gotti

i black out like howard university when i verbally turn into hercules hurtin' these emcees early and urgently urkin' my nerves searching for certain certified nouns and verbs on the verge of vigorous victory. kurupted