
check, check, check, check, check


it go ride to it, ride to it, 'cause you never know
when a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
be different, do different things
don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what you is
but we can win, wait, let's get straight to the point


to the meaning of life, what's my purpose?
maybe this earth is ain't a good place to be
how far is heaven? let's see
is it in the clouds like they said it would be?
i wonder when i die will he give me receipts?
i wonder will the eyes of the lord look at me?
look at me, look at me, i'm a loser, i'm a winner
i'm good, i'm bad, i'm a christian, i'm a sinner
i'm humble, i'm loud, i'm righteous, i'm a killer
what i'm doing? i'm saying that i'm human, now people just

ride to it, ride to it, 'cause you never know
when a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
be different, do different things
don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what you is
but we can win, wait, let's get straight to the point


it go one (one), two (two), three (three)
two in the front, one in the back seat (seat)
seat (seat), seat (seat), seat (seat)
looking for a victim of a ak-47, hundred-round each, each, each
but why must we retaliate? is it human nature?
i don't know, i look for the answers later
"make a right, there they go" (there they go)
sometimes gotta


ride to it, ride to it, 'cause you never know
when a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
be different, do different things
don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what you is
but we can win-win, wait, let's get straight to the point


as i open this book and then burn up some of this reefer
my plan is to figure out the world and escape all my demons
i'm dying inside, i wonder if zion inside the heavens
a condom, a rollie, pain, a fat blunt and a mac-11
that's all i see in my life and they tell me to make it right
but i'm right on the edge of everest and i might jump tonight
have you ever had known a saint that was taking sinner's advice?
well it's probably you, am i right? if i'm wrong, you a fucking liar
when i lie on my back and look at the ceiling, it's so appealing to pray
i wonder if i'm just a villain, dealing my morals away
some people look at my face then tell me don't worry 'bout it
i give 'em back they deposit, no money, just total silence
i'm running, they say i'm wildin', a youngin' with lack of guidance
that's hundreds of us with problems
mo' money, mo' drugs and violence
look at the soul of an out-of-control artist
that's dealing with life the hardest, that's on my life
but regardless i'ma—


ride to it, ride to it, 'cause i never know
when a bullet might hit me and i die to it, die to it
die to it, die to it, live my life, live it right
be different, do different things
don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what i is
but we can win, wait, let's get straight to the point
(oh-oh, oh-oh)
hmm

