
nigga, tell the world
i’m compton, compton, nigga, i’m compton
big-ass condom, motherfuck your problems
make sure that you don’t bring your man to my concert
i want you to suck my whole band after concert
compton, compton, nigga, i’m compton
big-ass condom, motherfuck your problems
i’m killin’ every instrumental and i cosign 'em
and no 360 deals, see, that's advance at mcdonald’s
i spazz like a wino, time and time a-
-gain, i often wonder where the time go, my daddy and my mom know
i stomp a rapper like a kappa, beat him like a congo
then speed off in a bronco, o. j.​
often reminisce about the old days, hardaway/alonzo
back then, we was wearin' la gears with the rhinestones
nowadays, i’m comin' headfirst like a rhino
i rhyme like i invented it, my wordplay is unlimited
now nigga, spin my vinyl, club going apeshit
rap like i ain’t ate shit, shit on any a-list
artist, you a novice, i’m recordin' on a spaceship
and we never nodded to your sing-le, king k
d.o.t. is e.t.a. primetime, new clothes
close-minded niggas gettin' clotheslined, i suppose
bitch, i think i’m 2pac, bitch, i think i’m b.i.g.​
bitch, i think i’m eazy-e, i’m big l and i’m odb
and omg, i might od, yeah, that be my new tape
that’s appreciation tape, thanks for knowin' that i’m great
middle finger to the fake… fuck you!
i’m the center of attention, hut one, hut two
and my bitch a mutt too, mixed with all type of shit
got the keys to her pad like i’m 'bout to type and shit
got 'em all hype and shit, i ain’t even do nothin'
screamin' out “fuck the world”, tell you when i’m through nuttin'
compton, compton, nigga, i’m compton
big-ass condom, motherfuck ya mama!
i go inside the studio, a suicide bomber!
i bomb on obama if that nigga get in my way
i’m smellin' some vagina, y'all niggas is clitoris
must be already dead, sayin' i ain’t killin' it
i’m in the lead and winnin' it, feelin' like a stunt double
i'm convinced we already in hell, pass the blunt, devil
y'all talkin' "illuminati", i’m talkin' eliminatin'
everyone, includin' satan, lord knows heaven waiting
i’m the best rapper alive! i’m the best rapper alive!
i’m the best rapper alive! tell wayne to swallow his pride
y'all niggas talkin' that jive, i’m talkin' that malcolm x
martin luther hustles through to dip right through your fucking set
i’m the best rapper alive! i’m the best rapper alive!
i’m the best rapper alive! jigga man should’ve retired
i’m goin' after kanye, lupe fiasco, and nas
snoop dogg and mister andre, eminem, busta buss rhymes
y'all better bust no more rhymes, i’ma start bustin' your ass
if you walk wit' a mack truck, then throw a bus on your ass!
y'all be no action, no pass, we gon’ start bustin' on niggas
choppers be bustin’ on niggas? chopper be bustin’ on niggas!
fuck you and fuck you fuck niggas, i’m do this for soul-o
ain’t not countdown to fuck wit' us, tde, that’s the logo
and your bitch be my promo, yeah, she know my whole tape
i’ma make a nasty movie and make sure that ho tapes
they be like, "oh no, wait, he’s 'bout to take the whole cake
you goddamn right, got a big appetite wit' a big tapeworm, every day, i yearn
another meal, i’m hungry, give some to my homie
nigga, we made men and cavemen, livin' in the stone age
i got this ignorant type shit, from my uncle tony
and may my nigga rest in peace, from heaven, i know you see
i’m compton, compton, nigga, i am compton
a big-ass condom, motherfuck the lapd
da, and your honor got pumped up on alondra
trap my body, free my mind, hopin' y’all could see the sign


kendrick
kendrick, kendrick lamar