
wow, man, this beat feel so motherfucking good, man
man, k-dot the gemini, just call me k-dot the gemini
you don't know, if i might smile, i might cry
flip on you like a dirty project mattress


k-dot the gemini, the gemini defines faces of many styles
my words come with emotions, you can hear me smile
hear me now, fuck later, i want my voice to spread like sandwiches, child
bless the child, i been blessed, so i rap from the gut till i'm throwing up my biceps
this is me, world, accept me world, i am kendrick
don't accept mе world, then fuck you world, relentlеss
me, no sleep, mama never get to see me
i pass by the studio because her future need me
my family future need me
two brothers, one sister, all come beneath me
first born, and guess what?
they all wanna see me blow up, like the world trade
centre my career, study, so i won't hyrdroplane
ready for any zodiac signs, plenty more
faces where that come from, i might smile, i might cry, why?


because i'm k-dot the gemini
just call me k-dot the gemini
you don't know if i might smile or might cry
flip on you like a dirty project mattress


just let that shit breathe, punch
i'm bout to throw my guts up on this motherfucker
you feel me?


my grandma said "kendrick, that boy gon be famous"
spinning a ball round my finger just for her entertainment
she was in love with me, i was in love with her
she was a gemini too, and still, i love her
sometimes i holla for, your name when i'm insecure
i know you hear me, girl
your love was so pure
reminds me of my mommas, you know i'm still sore
from your early departute, wanted you to live more
but with your second phase, i kill more
rappers than i did before, similies, metaphors
you know what? fuck this industry
i ain't ready for it, it's not me
it's watered down consumers, not buying what's hot now
and i'm trying, my best, but i guess not because i don't sound
like soulja boy but i refuse to play 
that's k-dot the gemini
just call me k-dot the gemini
you don't know, if i smile or i might cry
flip on you like a dirty project mattress


breathe, punch
this is me, y'all


i fucking feel like nobody's fucking with me
and if you fucking with me, then fucking bump my cd
i'm motherfucking hungry, you motherfuckers feed me
fuck it, i'll feed myself, what the fuck is you eating?
fuck over your career, you fuckers ain't competing
try to fuck with the flow, what the fuck was you thinking?
what the fuck was you drinking?
why the fuck would you fuck with a born fuckup?
you rappers get fucked up
by these labels dreaming that you a fucking star
who the fuck is you are?
i'm fucking k-dot, y'all
i'm fucking kendrick, y'all
grab my nuts till i bust my balls
what the fuck? imma fucking star
but sometimes i feel like a fucking failure
questions can't solve, got me second guessing my fucking talent
split fucking personalities need balance
announcing my name, call me, fuck


k-dot the gemini
just call me k-dot the gemini
they'll never know if i might smile, i might cry
flip on you like a dirty project mattress


you deserved it, hip hop
so i played the cactus
fuck is wrong with y'all
k-dot the gemini, what?