
two tears in a bucket, i cry with you, agh!
but i could never lie with you
i could never afford not to afford
i could never put my plans to the side with you
i could never see a red light
like a deer with a headlight, i freeze up when i re-up
see, i barely have patience, and you're relating
only the moment to complete us
why you hate to work for it? went to work for it
see, a nine-to-five was so jive turkey
but when thanksgiving came, checks didn’t hurt me
you plead the fifth, i read the fifth amendment
we both criminals with bad intentions
they say time heals all, but if i can shortcut my success
corvettes by tomorrow, ugh!


why so sad? walking around with them blue faces
she said i’m down on my luck
and it’s something i gotta have, blue faces
i hit the bank today and tell 'em color me bad, blue faces
get that new money, and it’s breaking me down


my homegirl got a credit card scam
she got a scholarship to college but she don’t give a damn
intuition got a black woman wishin'
she saying this on the phone with the noodles in the pan
i know you, woman, i console you, woman
you feel like the universe owes you, woman
oh, the anticipation, hoping you could make it
women don't prosper chasin' education
but you're talented, and can't handle it
and your homegirls can't be your manager
365 times four, plus more
can't get it right, tell me, do you got the stamina?
but ain't no money like fast money
even today, i'm considered a crash dummy
a rapper chasing stardom, how can i fast forward?
my accolades better than all them


but why i'm so sad?
walking around with them blue faces
she said i’m down on my luck
and it’s something i gotta have, blue faces (faces)
i hit the bank today and tell 'em, color me bad, blue faces
get that new money, and it’s breaking me down, to the top


i love god, i love speed
i love drank, i love mead
i love oceans in the deep
i love women, i love me
i love god
ugh! but i’m scared of godspeeeeeeed
sometimes


i wrote this song
looking at a broke home, maybe (broke home, maybe)
you know the poverty-stricken
the little broke boy and babies (broke boy and babies)
somebody say "kendrick american, they sho’ is crazy"
and i said “why?”
then he looked me in the eye
and said "homie, you're messed up
you’re banking on good luck, you wishing for miracles
never been through 'ish, you’re crying hysterical
you settle for everything, complain about everything
ysay you sold crack, my world amphetamine
your projects ain’t it, i live in a hut
you're living to keep warm, i'm living to pay rent
i paid my way through, praying to allah
you played your way through, dealing with wi-fi
bull-'ishing yourself, you talking to strangers
same thing go for the ones you came with
we all came on the boat looking for hope
and all you can say is that you’re looking for dope, huh?
these days ain’t no compromise, ugh
your pain ain’t mines half the time, ugh
a brand new excuse ain’t nothing to me
see, i made my moves with shackled feet"


cape town, cape town
cape town, cape town
caaaaaaaaape town
cape town, cape town
ugh!

cornrow kenny
all morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits, skrrt!
morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits, skrrt-skrrt!
cornrow kenny
so many plays on me, i finesse
palisade views with some sex
i lost a lot of love for missionary
this the first time i react
me and top is like a kobe-and-phil
a father figure; play with him, you get killed
play with me and he-a kill you himself
tde the mafia of the west
move in silence, yeah, we juugin’ like that
act of violence, yeah, we juugin’ like that
i did a lot of dumb things in my past
lord forgive me, hoping i don't relapse
dave just bought a new 9-11
almost thought i’d seen another plane crash
q just bought a brand new mclaren
rock-a-lack about to buy the projects
moosa got his son dripping in gold
me, i'm about to let my hair down to hoes
ali 'bout to let his hair down to hoes
top billing, that’s a million a show
might blow the whole no-whammy on soul
might tell obama, "be more like punch"
sounwave got a grammy this year
mackwop, bet he do what he want
level two, level two, no, i’m not done
you ain’t gotta tell me that i’m the one
i could put a rapper on life support
guaranteed, something that none of you want
ten homies down and they all serving life
ward is like twenty-five hundred a month
what if i empty my bank out and stunt?
what if i empty my bank out and stunt?
you ain’t gotta tell me that i’m the one
you ain’t gotta tell me that i’m the one
you ain’t gotta tell me that i’m the one
you ain’t got, you ain’t got
you ain’t got, you ain’t got
tell me that, tell me that that i'm the one
you ain’t got, you ain’t got, you ain’t got
you ain’t got tell me that, what! i’m the one
yes, i’m the one!