
soundwave, i feel we, put together
some of the most beautiful music my nigga
real talk, feels so good
let's get this money
i feel like rapping tonight people
can i rap a little?
don't be mad..


cuz i'm young and i'm black and my hat's real low
if you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward


look, why i always feel that i'm hot?
why i always feel i should drop another jewel
like martin on blue streak while you dudes get tattooed
with permanent scars, i'm always bullying y'all
i'm always righteous to think that life is what you make it
i'm always thinking of r&b bitches butt-naked
i'm always on point, like a snitch on the go
but i never snitch my car's the only thing i towed on
i'm always keeping it moving, middle finger up
like i practice celibacy, i don't give a fuck
just wait, i'm at they heads like a toupee yeah
it's like that, your cranium never survive titanium bars
harder than my dick when the tip gets licked, quick
run for cover like winter's here then listen here
k. dot you'll never shake me loose
like a tied knot off the goose, you mad at me too?


cause i'm young and i'm black and my hat's real low (i can't front)
if you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward
i can't front, i can't front sometimes i feel like..


yo, why you always critiquing my shit
why don't you hop on your own dick like marilyn manson
i'm dancing with 2 brains, so if i got shot in the head
i won't die i'll just lose more game, propane walking
you could sell my words at an auction for the right price
and be rich your whole life, straight up
i wanna see the world by 35 but for right now i'm compton bound
hit rosecrans with a pocket full of dividends
big truck speed through the light, run over civilians
pimp cut bitch on my right, hat low like a stripper ass
when she hit the floor, doing my thing, why you complain?
cause i'm young and i'm black and i rap like a nigga got a
angel on his back, wait a minute i means business
you homosexual with it, i give you straight lyrics
now that's an emcee, that's why you mad at me?


cause i'm young and i'm black and my hat's real low
if you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward (fuck ya!)
check me out..


what i write is a like a bomb device, press play
and you can die tonight
shook ones don't exist whenever that k. dot spit
off the chain like fast pedaling while riding a bike
i gets my ride on, you ride too
but like scion, now that's a damn shame
i'm hogging up both lanes
play your part, styles like kevin hart
they're so plain
i'm choking while i'm smoking on this strongest hocus pocus
chocking with punch
he sarcastic laughing cause i said that i can freestyle better than kurupt
now that's a statement that hopefully i can back up
see kurupt is a legend, that's where i get my shit from
straight lab rat, spit it once run it back
like a punt return, they tell me wait my turn
so that's what i'mma do, lay in the cut like a 2 shot dillinger
killing these niggas in high pursuit waddup

