
i got a story to tell, you know that i cherish thee
hope it ain't too many feelings involved


ah, every day she wake up with a different color makeup
and a promise he gon' take her to the movie and the mall
chilling with the laker, on the floor, fourth quarter
for a minute on the clock, black mamba with the ball
paparazzi looking at 'em both, popping up and take a picture, uh
probably on an internet blog
in a minute, he gon' be admitting that he love her
on his mother, man, he want to meet her mother by tomorrow
(mona lisa)
pussy good enough, it got him sinning in the walls
and he digging in it like he living in it, make a new religion with it
man, a nigga 'bout to go against god
poetry in the pear trees
sweet tone like a hummingbird when she asked him
did he want to make love in a yellow taxi?
never gave two fucks, jumped in the backseat
woke up in the morning to the great gatsby
then he dogged it again like the bitch lassie
i'm a dog in the wind, i'm a pet laughing
i'ma call up again like i did last week
make good with the friend, and i'm all jazzy
britney with the twin and the girl, ashley
found out that i fucked, he was unhappy
bitch, i never let the bullshit get past me
better yet, i wanna break up, don't you ask me
'bout no motherfucking double standard, acting
fucking on another nigga, that's a negative alone
but you sucked his dick? that's just nasty
matter fact, bitch, gimme your phone! (no!)
you fucking with wayne's!? (no!)
bitch, gimme your phone! (no! let me, let me take this call real quick—like a lollipop)
he on your fucking ringtone!? is that the shit that you do!?
touching yourself, looking at kendrick videos
jump on the internet, watching his interviews
i don't know what the fuck lately gotten into you
tell me who love you, i bet i love harder
forgot all the shit that i did for your daughter?
the pampers, the pedialyte and my momma
daycare after school and she never did charge ya
you scandalous as fuck, and i hope you blow up
you know what? i give up, let me go get my gun
i got one in the chamber i'm planning on aiming
goddammit, you know that the damage is done
bitch, i'm emotional 'cause i'm in stress
i'm not supposed to go through this, i guess
so in conclusion
since you like rappers that's killing that pussy, i'm killing myself

