
kendrick made you think about it, but he is not your savior
cole made you feel empowered, but he is not your savior
future said, "get a money counter," but he is not your savior
'bron made you give his flowers, but he is not your savior
he is not your savior


mr. morale, give me high-five
two times center codefendant judging my life
back pedaler, what they say? you do the cha-cha
i'ma stand on it, 6'5" from 5'5"
fun fact, i ain't taking shit back
like it when they pro-black, but i'm more kodak black
tell me where the monеy at, ayy, where the homiеs at?
universal callout, i can members only that, ayy
si-si, wait a minute
ven aquí (ven aquí), c'est la vie (c'est la vie)
i tell the whole truth from a to z, ayy
show me you real, show me that you bleed, ayy
hello? crackers? (let me hear that back)
i seen niggas arguing about who's blacker
even blacked out screens and called it solidarity (fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck)
meditating in silence made you wanna tell on me (fuck)


bitch, are you happy for me?
milly, are you happy for me?
you smile in my face, but are you happy for me?
yeah, i'm out the way, are you happy for me?
bitch, are you happy for me?
milly, are you happy for me?
you smile in my face, but are you happy for me?
yeah, i'm out the way, are you happy for me? (higher)


bite they tongues in rap lyrics (too low-key)
scared to be crucified about a song, but they won't admit it (too low-key)
politically correct is how you keep an opinion (so low-key)
niggas is tight-lipped, fuck who dare to be different (too low-key)
seen a christian say the vaccine mark of the beast (too low-key)
then he caught covid and prayed to pfizer for relief (too low-key)
then i caught covid and started to question kyrie (so low-key)
will i stay organic or hurt in this bed for two weeks? (too low-key)
(you really wanna know?) do you want peace?
(how i get so low?) then watch us in the street
(only one way to go) one protest for you
(higher) three-sixty-five for me (you really wanna know?)
vladimir making nightmares (how i get so low?)
but that's how we all think (only one way to go)
the collective conscious (higher)
calamities on repeat, huh


bitch, are you happy for me?
milly, are you happy for me?
you smile in my face, but are you happy for me?
yeah, i'm out the way, are you happy for me?
bitch, are you happy for me?
milly, are you happy for me?
you smile in my face, but are you happy for me?
yeah, i'm out the way, are you happy for me?


truth, it resides in the fire
the need of it's dire
deceiving the lies, i know
truth, it resides in the fire
the need of it's dire
deceiving the lies, i know


the cat is out the bag, i am not your savior
i find it just as difficult to love thy neighbors
especially when people got ambiguous favors
but they hearts not in it, see, everything's for the paper
the struggle for the right side of history
independent thought is like an eternal enemy
capitalists posing as compassionates be offending me
yeah, suck my dick with authenticity
yeah, tupac dead, gotta think for yourself
yeah, heroes looking for the villains to help
i never been sophisticated, saving face
being manipulative, such an acquired taste
i rubbed elbows with people that was for the people
they all greedy, i don't care for no public speaking
and they like to wonder where i've been
protecting my soul in the valley of silence