
ali, you thirsty on twitter!
you boo-boo, you t'd
you turned down, you thirsty
you boo-boo!


uh, i'm tryna learn something new
i'm tryna find myself, i'm searching deep for kendrick lamar
i read about napoleon hill and try to know god
they say he the key to my blessings, and if i speak the good
into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock
money flow like water, i'll just wait at the dock
and by the way i'ma start, finding more light to shed
like a small garage in your backyard
i'm back chilling with a friend of mine, she mighty fine
but i notice that her heart resides next to bitterness
always hollering who she don't like and who she kick it with
who she wanna fight, who wearing a weave
who dooney and bourke bag is fake, who holding the keys
to the car she drove last year or who fucking on who
and who need a pap smear, getting on my nerves
but before your negative energy curve, bitch i'ma cut you off


'cause every time you come around
you be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
he say, she say, oh my god
shut the fuck up... hoe
every time you come around
you be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
he say, she say...


uh, i'm tryna learn something new
i'm tryna surround myself with people that inspire me
or at least inquire similar desires
to do what it t-a-k-e just to reach the t-o-p
i'm talking ideas, motivation
it's more than making, enemies, my nigga
oh, that's not ya memo? then tell me why you constant stressing
on how you well connected like centipedes, my nigga
i function with you and you flaunt your pistol
every second tell me how you pressed 'em at the monte cristo
where so and so from, and what neighborhoods beefing
who baby momma's a rat, and who got killed last weekend
that shit is mad depressing, bringing me down
speak on somethin' with some substance that can get us both paid
rather than telling me how these niggas jocking your style
or his rims ain't bigger, pussy nigga, i'ma cut you off


'cause every time you come around
you be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
he say, she say, oh my god
shut the fuck up... scary ass
every time you come around
you be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
he say, she say


uh, i'm tryna learn something new
i'm tryna better my chances of becoming a star
i'm tryna feel the vibe of mona lisa
studying art... now paint that picture
life behind bars, remember the very day i got caught?
i murdered a rapper, and you filed the police report?
see what i was taught, family is all i need
but indeed them too can run me right up a tree
constantly talking shit 'bout the next relative
wanting me to take sides, but i'd never give in
ever since grandma died, everyone parted ways
argue on holidays, left my uncle in prison
for 15 years, no one paid him attention but moms
yeah, my momma as loyal as any sister would come
come to my house just to yap about your own people
dang, and if your blood wasn't running through my veins
i would prolly cut y'all off too, yep


'cause everytime y'all come around
y'all be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
he say, she say, oh my god, shut the fuck up
keep it running, ali
every time you come around
you be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
he say, she say


so tell 'em, "shut the fuck up!"
tell 'em, "shut the fuck up!"
yeah, bitch, you boo-boo, you t'd
you turnt down, you thirsty
tell 'em "shut the fuck up!"
tell 'em "shut the fuck up!"
yeah, nigga, you boo-boo, you t'd
you turnt down, you thirsty
you thirsty, you boo-boo
you t, you turnt down
you boo-boo, you t'd
you boo-boo, you turnt down
you thirsty, you t'd
you boo-boo, you turnt down
you boo-boo, you t'd
you turnt down, you weak
you weak, yo’ bitch weak
yo- (laughs)
you boo-boo, you t (laughs)
keep all that


what is hiiipower?
hiiipower is the way we think, the way we live
see it’s known today that the human race is nothing
no morals, no standards
what we’re about to do is raise the level of expectations
no, you don’t have to have a lot of money
you don’t have to be rich
but you will be rich in mind and spirit
some say it’s as big as a crew, some say it’s as big as a gang
hiiipower, we stand for it as if it’s as big as a religion