
i can tell you what it is, i can tell you what it isn't
no more k. dot, my mother had named me kendrick
fuck a stage name, that's the name that i was given
the only thing that i can identify within this business
i'm just a good kid from compton that want to rap
weighing my options, pick up a bible or a strap?
i never killed a man, never sold any crack
all i ever did was try to keep my city on the map
but this monkey on my back, y'all don't want me to win
i'm tryna follow dreams, you want me to follow trends
so just to get a dollar, will i sell my soul?
i look the devil in the eye and tell him, "hell no"
they say anything worth having is worth the wait
well, i want the world, tell me how long that takes
there's no time like now, i can cut my patience short
or give 'em some more gowns, i don't even want the crown
i just want a peace of mind, and nigga, when i get it
you won't get a piece of mine, won't you mind your own business?
a rich nigga buy anything you sell him
a broke nigga believe anything that you tell him
well i'm a broke nigga, but still i wouldn't listen to you
even if your hand was on a bible quote, nigga, pfttuh


see i was brought up different
whatever that my pops said, for sure i'd listen
you said you did dirt, but i can't dig it
it don't concern you if you wasn't born in it
oh-no-oh-oh
i swear we got to fast-forward, before time flies by
my new saying for '0-10 is, why lie?
and if you ain't trying to win, then why try?
now you can low-ball or give me high five
this is i nigga, look into my eye


nigga, i am kendrick... lamar
nigga, my name is kendrick... lamar
i said my name is kendrick... lamar
i changed the name cause i was tired of being like y'all
now finally i'm ready to tell the world who i are, pfttuh


and that used to be a hell of a task
now i'm ahead of my class, so go ahead and harass
my character like it don't carry a confidence
that can marry a halle berry or angelina with no cash
i'm bout to cash in my thoughts
give you a compass, then tell you get lost
what i'm bout to accomplish is something that you can't fathom
once the eves come, they quick to stare at him
hoping i don't take their bitch, but i'm on some other shit
when i'm done, i'm tryna run the government
these are big dreams, transition from a rapper to a human being
you can't 'school' a dean
i be tutoring artist-es, leave 'em with no audience
all cause they all a facade, my god
y'all be out partying, i be stealing your audience
all because who i are, lamar


but my first name, it gotta be kendrick... lamar
nigga, my name is kendrick... lamar
i changed the name cause i was tired of being like y'all
now finally i'm ready to tell the world who i are, now let's go


but we can't go... backwards