
yeah
how i sound out there, ali?
good? then good


hehe, can i pay my past a visit?
centennial compton school district
and video campus shut the fuck up your premises
king drew and westchester had the baddest bitches
and my nigga l wood had a white toyota, and we got pulled over
had to hide the bottle because there was mix with hennessy and soda
every time we rode up we was unsober
and everybody had know that
my nigga yan yan had all the red p hat
which was really dumb because where we was at
was the other side and more than likely
the other side really didn't like that
didn't have no burner so if they would shot us we never really could shoot back
could've lost our life over hood rats
we was dumb as fuck but lucky for us we was lucky enough
that the black car didn't pull up and ask, where y'all niggas from"
i know some, nigga less fortunate was fucking with the enemies' bitch
she had a fat ass and a brown camaro, but it wasn't that fast it was like a v6
but anyway she was one of those hoes in high school with the cornrows
size 5 jordans, rolex sporting, and wanna fight everybody she knows
well she's important, well she wasn't, she was just so and so so and so cousin
he was a red, so anytime she got into it, that's who she would get
now let me get back to the plan
homie had ask, " do ya got a man?"
she said,"no", he said, "oh yeah
where do you stay?" she said, " rosecrans"
rosecrans and what? she said, "don't matter just know i fuck
he said, "what? you're a, you're a little freaky bitch huh?"
she said, "yeah, daddy, i can you get you sprung
i can work that pussy and the tongue
if you come over, i can make you cum
if you come over make sure that you bring drink
because i like to get to drunk."
and that he did, that friday he was where she lived
notice that he was out of bounds
but didn't give a fuck cause he wanted to fuck that bitch right now
walked in the house, rubber on, panties down
oldies playing in the background
let's get it on marvin gaye had bumped to the morning
time to go, picked his pants up off the floor
kissed that bitch in the mouth then walked to the door
when he walked out he seen a four four bluh!
didn't know that was the pussy he was dealing with


and that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
get your ass killed bitch! how?
fucking with them hoes, them hoes, them hoes, them hoes
them hoes hoes, them scandalous hoes
them hoes hoes will have you uh dead dead dead


look. i guess we all can learn from mistakes
but your first mistake, might be your death date
and death doesn't wait, on no one
a million ways to die, and you can make it a million and one
if you not aware of the rules or maybe tryna fill someone else shoes
like a square trying to be a gangster kind of remind of this one dude
he wasn't thirteen he was twenty two
when he went to first get put on the hood
he wasn't born it, boys in the hood the movie made him think it was all good
but usually this type of person want to prove his s s s s self on purpose
tell everybody quit working, but really he's worthless
his momma had money, his daddy had money, so he had money
the og's that gave him a pistol, think that he was gonna be just another crash dummy
and the funny thing about it he thought he was bout it like p-miller
but he wasn't no killa
just a monkey hanging around a bunch of gorillas
everybody wanna be tough guy so he did, approached this guy like, "where are you from?" with his gun but didn't shoot it, rule number one
never pull out if you don't use it
even though the dude didn't banged the very next day he seen around the way blew his brains out while homeboy was cruising
not knowing the scariest nigga will split your shit


and that's how he got his ass killed bitch!
that's how he got his ass killed bitch!
that's how he got his ass killed bitch!
fuck around and get your ass killed bitch! how?
not knowing the g codes, the codes the codes
the g codes, the codes the codes
the g codes, if you don't know then your already dead dead dead
feel me?