
guess who’s back from shady’s faction?
you gotta know that 'cause you made him platinum
‘case you look past ‘em and ask him
is ot alright? i say, "easy, bastards"
thought i wouldn’t come back? nigga, you backwards?
he came from crack to obtaining his classics
knowin’ all that, get your ass in action
'cause now, you have access to what’s happenin’


the flow's eccentric
o is back with a mouth full of inventions
to hold my fans
‘til the next album comes, like my second one has
cheers was slept on, it’s a thing of the past
i guess got some teeth, made ‘em all laugh
when i shoulda been strapped up with gats
but i’m from the ave, so what’s up with that?
'cause on previous tracks, obie’s clutchin’ mags
look at him kickin’ with fat chicks, why would he brag?
what possesses him to do a song like that?
shut the fuck up! my nigga, what’s up?
cats with no humor, in the club mugged up
you gon’ get a facial tumor
assuming that that looks persuasive or invasive to him
this is neither the time or place to pursue him
baby, party it up with shady, "under the influence"


okey-dokey, obie’s back in the lab runnin’ the track
on my second lap, ahead of these fags
marshall mathers laced the track
so i ride that as if he would have
havin’ a blast with a half a glass of cognac
next to my pen and pad
if i wanna get my abs intact, call curtis jack for that
make chicks have asthma attacks
the reaction is massive on the 
no rehearsals the flow is cursed
i spit it in cursive, you know it’s curtains
return with a banger that’s so assertive
dj spinnin’ ‘em in circles certainly
hence, the urgency, servin’ them since the birth of me
get an intense verse from obie–wan kenobi
one and only, nothing like a phony
coordinate and macaroni
plus i clap your homie
actin’ like he ain’t have access to madness
??
fuck that, let’s relax a moment
before we fuck around, overreact and blow it
do it for the folks, those who know how to act enjoyment
actually this is shady gatherin’, spoil it
it’ll beat that ass like a prince performance

