
babe uh, yeah!
girl, you my only one though aight, haha
you my baby, fuck all that shit, alright?
you're the one for me
check it out


baby i'm feeling the feelings you giving, i'm feelin your style
and i'm willing to let my guard down to figure you out
i'm picturing your figure in a swimsuit wiling
somewhere in the caribbean islands
cause the vibe you giving me now
feels like i'm an innocent child
sinning is never tempting when other women's around
hands down, this is my vow
i never heard a moan sound so profound
when a nigga's digging you out, phone rings
you cuss them motherfuckers out, quit calling the house!
if i call, you're in route
there's a drought, you look out
i'm on edge, you put the palm of your hand on my head and squeeze
please believe i ain't scared of commitment
fuck head from them bitches!
when you could do the same, but that respect is given
our intimacy is significantly different


you gon' ride for me (you gon' ride?)
then i'm gon' ride for you (i'm gon' ride)
if you put your mouth on me (put it on me)
i'm a put my mouth on you
together there ain't nothing we can't do (there's nothing)
any problem we can see it through (we see it through)
baby if you promise to be true (you promise?)
i will never put my hands on you
come on and think about it


we ain't even got to talk when we see each other
we got it all chalked out when we see each other under them covers
you my lover, i'm your friend, i'm your man, but i'm saying
who needs a label, we roll hand in hand
visions of you having my little man
we joke, you call me george foreman
'cause i'm namin' him o number four, me i'm three
plus the ol' g like the personality, she say it's meant to be
i'm in the bathroom when you pee
she in the bathroom too when a nigga doo-doo, you my boo-boo
there's nothing in this world that a nigga wouldn't do to
satisfy - this my bitch that ride
my bitch with the pistol in the ride
a nigga act up she busting, she ain't got to decide
no discussion, she'll put a slug in a tough niggas muffin
you're fucking wit her husband


come on and think about it
you got a ring about it
nothing could ever come between or intervene our bondage
drama we overcome it if we out numbered
i promise it'll be us against a hundred
rushing to your side when you vomit eating pickles and peanut butter
eight months later obie rubbing your stomach
paying homage to your momma for raising a girl proper
enough to call o her baby father
you ain't gotta bother bout a deal, i swear i keep it real
raise young o trill and cook a decent meal
it's signed and sealed, you the only female
hail, my one and only pal come to get me outta jail
post bail and post up for sale
i swore, i swear we will always live well
long as i got my bombshell from the hood to the hills
who's gon stop us? nobody! we's that deal


if you gon stand by me (if you gon stand by me)
then i'm gon stand by you (then i'm gon stand by you)
if you promise you'll be true
then i'll never put my hands on you (hands down)
but! don't you play me for no fool (no fool) bitch!
cause if i put my mouth on you (on you)
after you put your mouth on someone else
better find someone else new
come on and think about it


yeah.. obie trice
shady!