
just want to come up to pull me down
i just got my feet on solid ground
disconnect the plug
no more sound, i can’t be heard or seen
now what does it mean. no conclusion. open your eyes
see, ’cause the revolution will be televised. i gained support. i came to court. cursed the judge. didn't even budge
didn’t even look at me. shrugged and shooked at him
he gave me life and threw the book at me
it’s sad ’cause a man lost his life. families crying. witnesses lying. played by the p.a made by the d.a
and it’s in the game just like ea
you’ve gotta have fun when your in the pen
with the game over, ain’t no motherfucker starting again

(locked away) (nowhere to turn)
(put that shit down)(you live like we live)
(back against the wall)
what up man! 
kill or be killed. dead man talking. dead man walking
the will to will. that will is the way i used to live
and the way i live now is to educate and elevate the kids
and give them more than weed and bottles of beer
and show them how to live like this here!
yeah, got alot to say
‘cause it ain’t no fun when your locked away
you’ve gotta pay me, stay wagey, stay free. flexible. seems like i’m going through obstacles
none too heavy. none too deep
pinned to the back. wrapped up the leaf
ben’s in the jack
just traded them in
just sent all of the money to the homie in the pen
yeah, i’ve got a what up man. to my homie, jamal. what up man!

any wonder why we say. “fuck the police!”
what up man!

(locked away) wrongfully accused
(nowhere to turn) i’m locked away with nowhere to turn
(back against the wall) my back against the motherfuckin‘ wall. (locked away) yeah, but i’m still speaking the truth
(nowhere to turn) (back against the wall) can’t stop me. my words gonna live on, man. you can kill the body but you can never kill the spirit

my back against the wall. nowhere to turn. that’s what's up, nigga! that’s what's up! what up man!
(locked away) what up man!
(nowhere to turn) nah nigga, what up! nah, what up!
(back against the wall) yeah, what up man!
(locked away) (nowhere to turn) man!
(back against the wall) y’all
(locked away) (nowhere to turn) what up man!
(back against the wall) we go
(locked away) (nowhere to turn) (back against the wall)