
yeah, bitch i'm from the country but that don’t make a nigga soft
big city niggas come south and get their wigs knocked off (yeah!)
me, i just hustle and flow
find a track, start and pimp on a ho
the block got hot, a nigga had to get low
get the fuck outta dodge and hit my uncle on the westside
trevon (what up, neph? what's cracking?)
i wanna visit l.a., i'm already packed
been already stacking so we gon' get turned up
soon as you land, purple kush gon' get burnt up
shit, the next day i'm at l.a.x
uncle tre' pulled up in a camaro ss
black on black, sitting on 23s
bumping rich boy like, "bitch, throw some d's"
two bad bitches in the backseat, one of them for me
mexican mami named marie
rolling up some trees on the 105 east
rolled down the window just to feel the breeze
it's real nice, feeling like paradise (fo'sheesh)
and all i can see is sunshine and palm trees


where we going? (to the hood) naw, i wanna see the swap meet
crenshaw and slauson (fool, that's where the cops be)
nigga, i ain't got no driver's license or insurance
sure enough, the cops pulled us over on torrance
"e'rybody out the car", the cops set us on the curve
they searched the ashtray and found a roach full of herbs
what's this in that cigar?
medical marijuana officer, i got a weed card
what condition you smoke weed for?
trevon jones, place your hands behind your back
you're under arrest for warrants, go to court in torrance monday
monday? it's wednesday man!
or maybe tuesday (that's some bullshit) you heard me ma’am
now if you keep it up, i'll arrest you for obstruction of justice
tre' like, "take the car, fuck this"
have fun, call my homies, go clubbing with your dumb ass
at least they ain't found my gun stash


i dropped the bitches off now i'm off to my uncle house
stopped by the liquor store, nothing but the thugs out
white tees and chucks, one nigga hit me up like
(ay, ay, where you from homie?) lifted up his shirt on me
chrome .4-5, and dawg i wasn't strapped
then another walked up like "nah, he cool, that's dave black
trey lo folks, visiting from mississippi"
passed a pint of hennessey (here, sip this with me)
i'm j-bone, we gon' get it popping tonight
wassup? (hollywood 'round here, these niggas flocking tonight)
what's flocking? (breaking in homes)
b&e, burglary nigga, damn you slow
oh we kicked it in the hood drinking, smoking kush, twist up
hood rat with the big butt shows up, got my dick sucked
kissed my auntie on the cheek, see you later
now we five niggas deep in j-bone's navigator
the club's off the chain, i'm seeing models and stars
nba players straight buying out bars
the state of arizona tryna segregate
but my dick don't discriminate, black girls, white girls
pimping, i just like girls
california girls, katy perry dyke girls
met an asian with fake tits next to a hype girl
she took a powder brand, sniffing on that white girl
v.i.p bottles and all that
then some random nigga started pouring out cognac
i said, "pimpin what you doin'?"
he said, "fuck you too" (what the fuck?)
and that’s the last thing i knew and (ay, ay get that nigga bro!)
i took a bottle and i cracked that nigga, smacked that nigga
security rushed me like, "arrest that nigga"
tearing up the club, all five of us
asian bitch grabbed me like, "hurry up, slide with us"
but the cops were outside, stopped her, detained me
found some coke in her purse, motherfuckers blame me
next thing you know, i'm in the county jail
i walked in the cell, my uncle tre' is right there
yeah, and he's just shaking his head
then he laughed at a nigga (don't pee in the bed)
don't let the bright lights fool ya, l.a. a tricky place
it's been 24 hours, i just caught my first case, damn!

