
it ain't nothin' going on, where the party at? (where the party at?)
up in here (where the party at?)
up in here
it ain't nothin' going on (where the party at?), where the party at? (where the party at?)
up in here
up in here


you know i never left, that's how i brought it back
but what i wanna know is where the party at
i came a long way to get these people out they seat
now i need y'all to clap your hands to the beat
and havе a good time, don't be actin' like that
wе got it crackin' in the back
oh, yeah, it's lit, my brand new outfit
the one that get the party started, plugged and wet
gloves and mitt, club is lit
kind of the one, one of a kind, it's cousin itt
he's the host with the most
i wanna give a toast to the wild, wild west coast
now if you feeling like a villain say, "yeah, yeah"
snoop dogg is in the house and he's a player, player
now all the ladies in the house say, "oh, yeah"
we family for sure in case you didn't know


it ain't nothin' going on, where the party at? (party over here)
up in here (party over here)
up in here
it ain't nothin' going on (party over here), where the party at? (party over here)
up in here
up in here


you will, you won't, you do, you don't
hip-hop to pop, rock to funk
me to you, a to z
granny, on the real, i hope you're proud of me
the party is jumping and the place packed
everybody love the way cousin itt raps
talkin' like that


you wanna party, i'll show you how to really get down (yeah, i'll show you how to get down, come on)
you wanna party, let's party 'til the sun is going down (put your hands in the sky, come on, let's do it, let's do it)
(hey, hey, hey, what you say?)


it ain't nothin' going on, where the party at? (it ain't nothin' but a party, y'all, come on, party over here)
up in here (hey, hey, hey, party over here)
up in here (hey, say what?)
it ain't nothin' going on (it ain't nothin' but a party, y'all, party over here), where the party at? (party over here, party over here)
up in here (party over here)
up in here


uh, yeah
gomez
morticia
i see you, wednesday
cousin itt
oh, this is it (addams family)
where the party people at? (addams family)
can y'all say this for me one time?
rock (addams)
roll (family, roll)
skate (skate, yeah)
bounce (bounce, rock)
rock (rock)
roll (roll)
skate (skate, bounce)
bounce (bounce, bounce)
addams family
tell me where the party at
party over here
where the, where the, where the party at?
tell me where the party at
tell me where the party at
tell me where the party at
yeah, the party over here
addams
tell me where the party at (party over here)
is a party over there? (party over here)
west coast
tell me where the party at
tell me where the party at, tell me where the party at


it ain't nothin' going on, where the party at? (addams family)
up in here
up in here (addams family)
it ain't nothin' going on, where the party at? (addams family)
up in here (up in here)
up in here (addams family, we up in here)
it ain't nothin' going on, where the party at? (yes, sir)
up in here (is that good enough for you, grandma?)
up in here