
oh, we recordin'?
hahaha, yeah, what's up, y'all?
it's big snoop dogg, yeah
knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (three)
what you say? (welcome to tha chuuch, chuuch)
knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (three)
welcome to tha chuuch, chuuch
say what, say what?
knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (three)
welcome to tha—, welcome to tha chuuch, chuuch
what you say?
knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (three)
welcome to tha chuuch, chuuch


well, me and my nigga dig closer than brothers
done been through it all (all), that's my real dawg (yeah)
you can't tell him nothin', without cuttin' up
but if you run up (on my mama), we'll fuck you up
it's all to the real, this mass appeal
and on this record, right here, i feel i gotta keep it real
and tell you motherfuckers in the hood
nah, i ain't went hollywood, i'm just holly-hood (and holly good)
wouldn't you believe it? my style has been unbelievable
cock block and leave 'em though, snoop rocks unbeatable
challenge me, bad mouth me, slander me
what a strange mentality, y'all fools can't handle me (uh-uh), me
you're wishin' and hopin', fishin' and scopin'
tryna get me open and revert back to drinkin' and smokin'
not smokin' trees, but smokin' young g's or smokin' enemies
in the words of the wise d-o-double-g
the chairman of the biz sword, a real g's everywhere, player
preach, to each and all, to each is own
nick-nack, petty, wack, get the dogg his bone
and welcome to the motherfuckin' chronic zone
volume 3, my nigga, oh, yeah, it's really, really, really on
i'm number one at this
i run this bitch, been there and i done this shit
top dog on the list, not just on the west coast
and when i'm dead and gone
they'll say snoop dogg was the best, low
oh, yes, i'm fresh, i guess
and remember, you can't spell the west without the e-s


yeah, but i got somethin' i wanna say to him real quick
check this out, y'all (do it to 'em, dogg)


snoop dogg don't take no shit (uh-uh)
especially from a bitch (yeah), and that's on crip (crip)
snoop dogg's known to break a bitch (a bitch)
and hit a switch (and hit a switch), and keep a grip (for sure)
snoop dogg don't take no shit (uh-uh)
especially from a bitch (i swear), and that's on crip (follow me)
snoop dogg's known to break a bitch (yeah)
and hit a switch, and keep a grip (come join me)


membership, need to get you on my team, baby
get you in my congregation
let you come fellowship with a real player
slide up in the church, you know what i'm sayin'?
lay you down in the boom-boom real
and if you graduate to the next level
we'll even let you get on the mic' and blow somethin'
you know what i'm sayin'?
welcome to tha chuuch, vol. 3
big snoop dogg, i'm the king of this shit
i wanna give a shoutout to, uh, nobody, haha
'cause that's how i feel right now, nigga
all you niggas talkin' that shit about me
i got ears bigger than motherfuckin' elephants, nigga
i hear everythin' that's goin' on in the streets, nigga
talkin' 'bout, y'all gon' do this and do that, whatever, cuz'
and niggas know i done looked out
i done looked out more than i done took
you know what i'm sayin'?
so on some real shit, niggas need to check themselves
and realize that i'm the motherfuckin' king of the west coast
you can't go around me, you can't go through me
you might as well come join me
it's real shit, especially if you a gangster, nigga
quit actin' like a bitch, nigga, and g up, nigga
yeah, real shit, eastside up, eastsiders
all the eastsiders out there, it ain't nothin' but some love
whether you from the eastside of l.a., east compton
east london, east long beach, you know what i'm sayin'?
east cleveland, east oakland, wherever, it don't matter
eastside up, i'm 'bout to slide on up out of here
'cause you know, a lot of niggas think i talk too much
but when you me, you can do how you want
when you want, where you want, figure that out
oh, yeah, and i do run t.b. too, nigga
doggy, fizzle, tell a bizzle
somethin' to laugh to, 'cause i love to clown
ayy, ayy, baby, what's up?
alright, i'm finna come up out of there right now
nah, meet me in the back, go in the backroom
like, yeah, that lil' room right there
when i get in there, i don't want no draws and no bra's
'cause that's against the laws, you know what i'm sayin'?
yeah, we straight rippin' it, yeah
oh, yeah, we just rippin' it, yeah
uh-huh, dogg house is just rippin' it, yeah
doggystyle records, my nigga, yeah
and you know we just kickin' it (kickin' it, kickin' it)