
radio killa, big snoop d-o-dub
the-american-dream...
aiyyo nephew, why don't come up off them keys
and sing a 'lil somethin for the ladies
yanuhtalkinbot? let 'em know how we feelin right now


yeah, she love it the way i put it on her
blowin trees, summer breeze, sippin coronas
boss dogg, i give it to her right, and she like it
she on the hip like a sidekick
is he, one of the coolest of fool on the flo'?
i whispered in her ear, "c'mere, you're ready to go?"
i rolled up a winna and put it up in the air
got that lil' dress on, you comin up outta there, yeah!
she like that, you like that?
you say you bite, well i bite back
and i'm all go, we can do it 'til tomorrow
i beat it up like harpo
snoopy, i go hard baby, yes
kissin on ya chest and i'm diggin out your stress
i won't stop 'til you're finished
but you ain't felt love 'til a gangsta get up in it
dream


she always call in the middle of the night
cause i'm a dogg, i'mma give her what she like
she say my name loud, i say her name low
that's what i aim fo', that's how the game go
baby like the way i wake her up (why?)
'cause i'm a gangsta, i grab her by the butt (oh)
pull her to my side, i'm in deep
woke that ass up, just to put her to sleep
everyday, it's the same thang, i creep in
it's like "true blood", i sink my teeth in
i gotta have it, the l.b. raised me
we was taught to dick 'em down crazy
lights out, i'm so lit
mommy so gone, daddy won't quit
i won't stop 'til you're finished
you ain't felt love 'til a gangsta get up in it
dream


this the life that you show
the loop, the coupe, the grove
an'thing goes!
it's so good, got her wigglin her toes (wow!)
the boss, the-dream
the floss, the cream
the trips overseas
all these things really don't mean a thing
when i'm tearin' that ass up, workin you like a shift
i give it to you like a gift
you hear what that boy say?
you gettin jacked, give it up fast
then i hit it from the back
"snoopy, you so good," she screamin' and i like that girl
she go off in another world, i won't stop
'til you're finished, she love this gangsta
especially when i'm in it
dream

