
we been holding back too muthafuckin' long
nigga fuck the dumb shit
it's time to represent nigga
it's time to represent nigga
it's time to let you niggas now man
mystikal


i'm the conscience in the toolbox that's coming for the carpenter
i'm the leerer they call me clipping the suits flipping the car and they call me the godfather
i'm one of the brand new number two pencils out the pencil sharpener
i'm the scarlet water out the delta faucet
i'm the rhyming i'm the artist
i'm the vomit in the toilet
i'm the comet when it charges
i'm the drama in new orleans
i'm the vegetables that grow in the garden
all the weed, dope, coke, and alcohol at the parties
i'm the m-i-a-c-h-e-l tyler
i'm the loud blakka, blakka, wakka, wakka, coming from behind ya
i'm the stitches of the shirt that make the polo man trill in the side of the timberland
i'm the bells on trigger man
who? me that's who!
i'm the voice in the microphone coming from the booth
i'm the ground when you think
i'm the file on the shank
i'm the pile in the bank
i'm the round out the tank


i'm that nigga, mystikal! (and i'm the dogg)
that's that nigga (i like to hustle and ball)
we them niggas (yeah tru tank dogs)
they them niggas (you don't want to fuck with at all)
i'm that nigga, mystikal! (and i'm the dogg)
that's that nigga (i like to hustle and ball)
we them niggas (yeah, tru tank dogs)
they them niggas (you don't want to fuck with at all)


knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga
if you sleeping i'm creepin', so buckle up nigga
knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga
if you sleeping i'm trippin' buckle up nigga
snoop dogg
i'm in the club in new orleans
just got finished eating a batch of chicken wings with some collard greens
i'm down south in the house straight turning it out
got bitches in my face and i can slap they mouth
with all the shit that they be tweaking
some niggas be speaking
game leaking, but i'm streaking
snoop dogg ain't leaking
my game is tough and tight
see ain't nothing like
this g shit nigga, this lbc shit nigga
i'm thinking i'mma fall off in this club tonight
where my old lady at? i'm tryna find a fight
i'm in this muthafucka mad, drunk, stupid and shit
ready to take off on a muthafuckin' trick-ass bitch
old pussy-ass nigga looking at me strange
like he don't know which gang i claim
i'm a dogg pound gangsta till i fall off the planet, god damn it
don't take it for granted, biatch!


(bitch get your mind right, get your mind right)
(bitch get your mind right, get your mind right)
(bitch get your mind right, get your mind right)
(bitch get your mind right, get your mind right)
(bitch get your mind right, get your mind right)
(bitch get your mind right, get your mind right)
put up or shut up (pussy-ass nigga)
put your set up or shut up, (bitch-ass nigga)
put your set up or shut up, (bitch-ass nigga)
put your set up or shut up, (bitch-ass nigga)
put your set up or shut up, (bitch-ass nigga)
(where they at, hoe?)
(where they at, hoe? where they at, where they at, where they at, hoe?)
(where they at, hoe, where they at, hoe? where they at, where they at, where they at, hoe?)