
hey- hey, man, check this out, mane
it's big snoop coming at you live and direct, and imma speak on some real issues right now, mane
'cuz motherfuckers be hatin' on a real nigga like me, and i don't do nuthin' but do what i'm supposed to be doin', you know what i'm sayin'?
but i don't crack a plank and say "nigga, why you hatin' on me?" or try to, you know, make friends with motherfuckers who don't wanna be my friends
motherfuck you ain't, you bitch ass nigga!


i guess it's the thing
now, they used to hate on us
pull out your cannon, come through, and spray on us
laying the cut, but dogg can see a mutt
you know, that's just how i used to fuck with the big old butt
you think i ain't know? you ain't had to tell me, cuz
i appreaciate the love, but you know how it was
man, i really couldn't, even though i probably should do it
slap the bitch and put some hot cap into it
she didn't know i knew it
she used to fuck with that bitch nigga suge in '96 and '97
my young homeboy from the lpt
you know i'm high and connected with some niggas from the cpt
so when the hate is on, i get the message faster than y'all
step into my reppin' i keep my weapon revolved
i keep the problems resolved
i've been finessing these broads
i love breaking suge knight and his bros (ha ha)
just like breaking the laws
i used to have his baby momma like taking it off
i'm taking it all
lil' nasty bitch was licking my balls
she's taking it all
and you can't do nothin' 'bout it 'cuz she breaking me off
keep the bitch nuttin', so it really was nothin'
i said, fuckin' it up

you's a hater, bitch nigga!
remember! i'm the one that make you rich, nigga


and i started from scratch, and put you back on the map
and i ain't lookin' back, but i keep hearing shit from your staff
i giggle and laugh (ha ha ha ha ha), cuz you said you can't stand me
your whole rap label is a disfunctional family (family)
and then you try to hate on me
'cuz i'm straight blowing up
i'm banging on your bitch ass and two o's is what i'm throwing up
i seen you at bet, with the homies from the lbc (whaddup!)
you broke down 'cuz you didn't want to see me (huh? what's happenin'?)
it's so easy
to crack you
'cuz i keep some people with you around, you at you (at you)
i had to pimp slap you
i'm a legend in this town, they gone make me a statue

all this bullshit, i feel like michael jordan
but i ain't trippin, i'm just soarin'
open up the door and
doing big touring
fuck champagne, i'm back to 40 oz pouring
are you adoring the shit that i'm doing?
'cuz if you ain't, fuck you and your motherfucking crew, nigga


hatin' on me? i hate you (hate you, too!)
(this is for the hater in you, nigga!) (sycamore)
(if you keep on talking shit you gone make me gang bang)
(this is for the hater in you, nigga!)
(but imma let you slide, so get your shit together!)

niggas! stop hatin' on us
bitches! (haters) stop hatin' on us
death row! (haters) stop hatin' on us
suge knight! (haters) stop hatin' on us
all you, (haters) stop hatin' on us


look here, mane!
i'm sick of you motherfuckers hatin' the game, mane!
you're s'pposed to hate the player, not the game
y'all hating the game, mane
you know what i'm talkin' about?
it was so cold, mane
is that, you know, a motherfucker can't stop seeing me
they turn to bet, i'm on bet
i'm on mtv, i'm on the e! channel, with the girls goin' wild
i'm on the radio station, i'm on the movie screen
i'm selling tennis shoes, i'm selling donuts
policies, 
(this is for the hater in you, nigga!) yeah
yeah, stop hatin' on us
(if you keep on talking shit you gone make me gang bang)
stop hatin' on us
(this is for the hater in you, nigga!)
some exclusive shit! welcome to tha chuuch volume 1
told you i was gonna take over this motherfucker
(but imma let you slide, so get your shit together!)

the world is mine, mane!
and everything in it! (everything, everything)
it's mine! (it's mine! it's mine!)
wanna play rough? (wanna play rough? wanna play rough?)
i didn't think so! (think so! think so!)

fucking hater!