
we are party people
dogg  pound gangstas are party people
we  are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people
party  people
party people
so ya wanna get funky? (with who? uh-with who? uh-with who?)
with the sounds of the pound
do  ya wanna get funky? (uh-get up, uh-get up, well come on)
just get on down if ya wanna get funky (just get up, get up, get up)


break it down like, and make it sound like
i'm about to spin, begin it, jump in the mix
just to keep you in a fix for 1996
just to do the thangs that i'm normally doin'
it's snoop dogg, i'm on the mic and i'm still here pursuin'
i'm climbing the charts, breaking hearts up the way
just to do the thangs like i do back in the day
i make my pay the same way, i'm on the same type of mission
leaving niggas in the cold, man i got a story told
rolled, no need to fold up ya paper yet
i got the music, so use it, to get ya neck wet
i catch ya slippin', dippin', now my  flippin'
got the whole crowd saying: "boy, bow-wow terrific"
as i kick it, as i'm supposed to
get you in a twist, and twist like i wants to
and get ya up out ya ways, as the record plays
put on a little something from back in the days


we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people (ya know, ya know, they say)
we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people
we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people
party people
party people
so ya wanna get funky? (with who? uh-say what? uh-say what?)
ugh, to the sounds of the pound
do ya wanna get funky? (uh-get up, uh-get up, uh-get up)
well just get on down


now, it makes me wanna get up
it makes me wanna sit up
i got the joint in my hand
i light it, now it's lit up
now i'm 'bouts to write a, better yet, i writ a
it's snoop up on the microphone and now i'm getting rid of
all these sucka emcee's who be clogging the game up
i'm back on the block but i ain't come with the same stuff
i sacked it up differently, in fact, specifically
game so cold it left jack frost' nose froze
now, you knows and i knows how the story goes
all the ladies say "hey" and the niggas say "ho"
while they sippin' on a 100 proof
all my niggas in the vip boo, hollin' "woof"
cause snoop is back, back like return of the jedi
nigga don't say shit, cause i
already said i, be on the red-eye
ya fat, ya black, ya wack, yo' style is tore up
plus you got one dead eye
we move mountains and we rain like fountains
make so much paper we need four accountants
so keep bouncing, bouncing, bouncing
all i wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all


we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people (i said)
we are party people
dogg pound gangsta are party people
party people
party people
do ya wanna get funky? (uh-with who? uh-with who?)
ugh, to the sounds of the pound
do ya wanna get funky (uh-get up, uh-get up, uh-come on)
just get on down if ya wanna get funky (come on, uh-come on, uh-get up, uh-get up)
just get on down


we'll be bouncing, through the street


we are party people
dogg pound gangstas are party people