
yeah, haha
welcome to tha chuuch, vol. 3 (like a motherfucker, haha)
i got you sugar-free (like a motherfucker)
yeah, dj quik (he gone)
y'all knew i was gon' take this motherfucker right here (yeah)
this shit bangin' right here (like a motherfucker, he gone)
yeah, motherfuckers makin' me angry right now too
i'ma spit on it, real quick
trip, trip, trip, trip, trip this shit
look


my lil' bitch had the nerve to call the studio and fuck off my group
wait (wait, wait, wait), what did i do?
i had to stop, pause, and grab my drink
and when i got home
i slapped that bitch lips up off her motherfuckin' face (hahaha)
and now she mad about it, can't do a goddamn thing about it
but pound about it and shout about it
and walk up out it, my team is crowded
and you without me, lil' bitch, i really doubt it (uh-uh)
it's me or nothin', i want my cut in order to get stuffin', you lil' muffin
now, now i'ma cut the pimpin' loose on y'all
lean on the wall with my cup of juice in it, dawg, trip
introduce him to the exquisitely made and played
for the motherfuckin' streets
which one of y'all niggas wanna fade me? (what?)
one shot for a g, 2-1-3, lbc
d.p.g, it's all the same, nigga, we one big crip gang
and i'm the leader, loco (or so they say)
y'all wanna see me? well, stand in line, hand cuz' and buy a photo
now focus the frame, and stay focused, while i hit you, get you
then i spit you just a little bit of game, it's a shame
but i ain't gon' change this shit
a whole 'nother groove with a whole 'nother chip (yeah)
a brand new 'llac with a brand new kick
a brand new house with a bad-ass bitch (woo)
a new pair of gators with a brand new outfit (trust)
that's that pimpin' on a—, pimpin' on a bitch, shit
yeah, still crip, in case you didn't know
eastside l-b-r, to izzo
yeah, all my people's bang the is i
long beach talk on you, nigga, east is i (i)
that's where we go at, hop the low-low at
pop the .44 at the police
and i'm real with this, since they on me
trip, lil' homie, this the way this shit gon' be
and 'til the end of time
fuck the police, say it with me one more time (fuck the police)
(wait, dogg, a few of 'em cool), fuck that too
'cause all y'all pack of wolves wanna bring down snoop
but i can't see it or believe it
they tryna achieve it, not this evenin'
'cause we dippin' on y'all, flippin' on y'all
mr. police, fuck y'all, from big snoop dogg


y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
but i'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (uh)
y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
but i'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (uh, what?)


what a g like? nah, what a c like?
big snoop dogg in the house tonight (hey, hey, hey)
the party is swingin' and we all maintainin'
we smokin' and drinkin', this motherfucker bangin' (what, what, what?)
what a g like? nah, what a c like?
big snoop dogg in the house tonight (hey, hey, hey)
and the party is swingin' and we all maintainin'
we smokin' and drinkin', this motherfucker bangin' (what, what, what?)


y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
but i'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (uh)
y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
but i'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (uh)