
oh shit, is, is that snoop over there? oh shit
fuck that nigga, bitch
my name is sam sneed, you better recognize
ayo, uh, i'm sorry, i just love that nigga, he is so fine
his music is so fucking dope (man, fuck that nigga)
ayy, look samuel
i gotta go pee, i'll be right back, alright? (yeah, aight)
yeah, you know, i'm just slidin'
you know, through the city, checkin' my thangs, you dig? (oh, shit)
yo snoop, what's up, snoop? (yo, hold on)
hey, how you doing? (yo, what's happening?)
yo, snoop, you know, i just love your shit
you are just so fine, and you— (ayo, bitch)
bring your black ass back over
what the fuck's wrong with you?
yo, what's happening? is that your nigga or something? (hey, look)
check this shit out, that nigga, he don't run me, okay? (yeah, what's up nigga?)
i'm talking to you, let's— hold up (what the fuck's wrong with you?), man
yo, nigga, what's happening, fool?
you know the name of the game, yo' bitch chose me
nigga, we can handle this like some gentleman or we can get into some gangsta shit
well, what's up, nigga?
have it your motherfucking way (well, what's up?)
that's what's up, nigga


pump-pump, pump-pump, pump-pump
pump-pump


let the motion of your body be the key 'cause we
be the motherfuckin' g-funk family
now, i'll play the g in this deadly game
snoop dogg is the name, dogg pound's the gang
if it ain't one thing, it's a motherfuckin' 'nother
word to my granny and my daddy and my mother
whether standin' on the corner or bouncin' in the six-deuce
when i was locked up, i couldn't wait to get loose
'cause back in the days, on the side where it's at
a nigga had to have a fat stack
and i was a fool
don't make me have to grab my strap and go rat-tat-tat-tat
nigga, slap to a motherfucker face, he fall
can't none of y'all niggas see the doggy dogg
'cause i'm one rude bwoy comin' with the wickedness
so shut the fuck up, and listen while i'm kickin' this


blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to them shots from a nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to them shots from a nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
di, di-di-di-da-di-da
di, di-di-di-da, di, di-di-di-da (pump-pump)
di-di-di-da, di, di-di-di-di-da
di, di-di-di-da, di, di-di-di-da (pump, pump)


now you can look to the sun and spot the moon
and see snoop doggy dogg step into the room
with the g funk, he funk, she funk, we funk
follow me, follow me, listen to the words that a nigga (pump-pump)
i come down with the wickedness
one rude bwoy comin' with the dopeness (blam)
close your eyes 'cause you can't see me
i quit school 'cause of recess, you fuckin' b.g. 
i'm shakin up the party like "lodi dodi"
is he the dopest? you better ask somebody
when, then, send some gin
and a pack of zig-zags, now let the games begin
in nineteen-motherfuckin'-ninety-three
i'm fuckin' up every nigga known in the industry
check this out, it's a dogg pound thang
you know who i am you know my motherfuckin' name
who am i? (the s-n-double-o-p)
nickname? (silky slim) last name? (d-o-double-g)
the behavior and the flavor that i found
makes me wanna hit that ass up with the dogg pound


blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to them shots from a nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to them shots from a nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
di-da, di-di-di-da-di-da
di-di, di-da, di-di-di-da-di-da (pump-pump), blam
di-da, di-di-di-da-di-da, blam
ba-da-bam, ba-ba-ba-bam (pump, pump)


blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to the sounds of my nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to the sounds of my nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to the sounds of my nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump)
blam-blam, blam 'til dem fall
listen to the sounds of my nigga doggy dogg (pump-pump), blam


di-da, di-di-di-da-di-da
di-di, da, di-di-di, di-di, da-da
da-di-di-da, da-da-da-di-di, da-da
da-di-di-da, da-di-di-da-di-da (blam)
da-di-di-da, da-di-di-da-di-da, da
di-di-di-da, di-di-di, da-di-da, da
di-di-di-da, di-di-di, da-di-da, da
ba-da-bam, come down, snoop dogg (blam)
di-di-di, da, di-di-di, di-di, da-da