
now... who got the beat that makes ya bump?
and who got the thump that makes ya cum?
well, i got the funk that makes ya bump
so we gon funk this motherfucker right on up
well here's a toast to the boogie while i step on in
so put your lighters in the air and let the smoke kick in
i got the motion, the potion
and once priest hit the groove everything is in motion
we coastin through the neighborhood and lookin around
and all of my homies on lock down, or either underground
man, i done found the only way to put mine down is to dip, skip with the homies from the dogg pound
sup, bow-wow, how my nigga feelin?
oh, i'm on the money mission to get a pocket full of millions
like sicilians, we do it mafioso
doggy style, dogg pound, death row is the logo
i do it by my lonely cause i'm true to the code
plus i die with the homies cause that's all i really know
who started with me, who departed with me
through thick and thin we heartless-ass g's
regardless, let's see with bifocals, don't try the locals
and y'all wonder why they despise my vocals
i fold you like crystals, rap spittin like clips do
when i dismiss you, me and my click, fool


may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?


to be a high rolla, you need a pistola
and about a half a key of some coca cola
now that i got older, i got a little colder
and i don't trip to get a chip off my nigga's shoulder
man dreams of a gangsta, being like cagney
or bogey for snoop doggy
ain't no follower, man, i'm a general, so when i put it down i gots to be so original
i'm quick to bust, just like daz dillinger
but that's the little homie, and i'm the big homie, snoop don corleone
spittin three words up in lightning
as long as i'm bouncin with this i know you likin this
fo' sho tho, you can't take my photo
i'm layin around in the dpg in a grey fo-do
get pushed around downtown in the back of a car
the double r from the dirt to the stars


may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?


well in verse three, the worst see?
after part two, know when i start the clock there be a heart, too
and just the two of us, gonna show you how we do
i thought you knew we bust
i demolish, stay polished, got no time to rust
no dividing, multiplying cause it's never too much, like luther
cause ya see ain't no loser
that can get the scoop on the super duper snooper
i refuse the tactics, you ain't used to drastics
i choose to mash like land cruisers
you know i kizick the bomb digga-dee, bomb-ba-zee
they can't get with the d-o double g
you know mc slash master of ceremonies
runnin thangs, pullin strings call me snoop pesci
lesson, blessin', stressin' manifest me
don't wanna test me, i'm guaranteed to let it rest, see?


may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i (may... i), may i funk with you?
may i?